 Well, this is an honor. You've been with us so long now. Anyway, I have no doubt. And it's going to be incredible what takes place. Congratulations. Well, I know for a fact there are a lot of happy people in this room.  Jerusalem. Thank you very much. We're all here as a very friendly, well-unified group. It's a well-knit-together group of people. And we hope that we're going to make some great progress for our country. I think that will happen, and we appreciate it very much. That's very true. Thank you, Nancy, very much. Mitch. Thank you very much. Paul. Mike, you have anything? Well, thank you very much. I thought that with what's going on in the world, I would bring our great military genius/person along and maybe General Mattis could say a couple of words. I am too. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. These are great men. Thank you for being with us. On this day, 76 years ago, more than 2,000 Americans were killed in a surprise attack on our homeland; hundreds more were injured. Battleships, cruisers, destroyers, and aircraft carriers in our Pacific Fleet at Pearl Harbor suffered crippling losses. Everybody knows about it. America was at war. These folks know about it more than anybody. You better believe it.  I know you won the war. I don't know about football. You won the war. Look at you. You look beautiful.  Boy, oh boy. That's pretty   can you do that one more time for me? I can't believe it. Boy, that's   I'm not playing him in football.  Amazing. Thanks, Mickey. Very brave guy. Nice seeing you, Robert   served on the USS Curtiss that delivered return fire against the enemy. And he really gave it to them pretty good. They were very successful at the return fire. Good job. You look like you're about 50 years old. Huh? You must have been very young.  You look great. What is the age? Ninety-three? Well, you look great. Nope, you haven't. And you fought hard. Yeah, I know it is. You're not a regular anything. You're a hero. You're a hero. All of you are heroes. What can I say? Wow, that was good. He's a very shy person, too.  And a great football player. Good morning. Thank you very much for being here. America is prospering again at home and being respected once again all over the world. However, we face many serious threats. Lots of things are happening in our country   lots of very positive things   but we have some things that we have to talk about. I'm especially thrilled to report that the Senate passed massive tax cuts and reform. You know about that very well. You've covered it   for the most part   accurately, which is surprising for you folks, but that's okay.  We're on the verge of a historic victory that cuts taxes for the middle class, for businesses; brings back, probably, an excess of $4 trillion. As you know, we've been saying $2.5 trillion for years. Well, that number has greatly expanded. And we'll be bringing back an excess of $4 trillion. It will be put to work in our country. There will be a lot of jobs being brought back with that money. Right now that money is being spent overseas. It's not going to be spent overseas anymore. We'll talk about it in a little while. It could happen. The Democrats are really looking at something that is very dangerous for our country. They are looking at shutting down. They want to have illegal immigrants; in many cases, people that we don’t want in our country. They want to have illegal immigrants pouring into our country, bringing with them crime, tremendous amounts of crime. We don’t want to have that. We want to have a great, beautiful crime-free country. And we want people coming into our country, but we want them to come on our basis. And that's why we're being so careful with our process and our screening. Well, thank you very much. We have four great families   middle class. I guess at a certain point, you're going to be making so much money you don't really   not going to know what to do with it, perhaps   I hope   Brian. Well, thank you, Brian. That's very nice. I appreciate it. That's really good. It upsets me too. Thank you. Thank you very much. Let me see that. Wow, that's beautiful. Thank you. I know where I'm going to put that.  Thank you very much. Well, thank you very much. That's really well-stated. We're also working on trade deals. We've had people sitting in this position that have made some of the worst deals I've ever seen in trade. And we're going to be fixing them. We are fixing them. We're negotiating many of them right now. But we're fixing them, and they'll be much more fair to the United States because the United States has not been treated well with our trade deals. We have some very, very bad deals. They're good for everyone but us. And that's changing rapidly, and I know you see that too. Well, you see that with the enthusiasm, you see that with the jobs coming back. So we're getting it all fixed. Thank you. It's true. Thank you very much. I still   we've done that. If you look at what's happened in West Virginia and so many different places, we're sending clean coal. We're sending it out to different places   China. A lot of coal ordered in China right now. So a lot of things are changing, and they're changing very rapidly. That's true. That's true. That is so good. Thank you. It's a great state. It's a great, great state too. We appreciate it. Well, thank you very much. I appreciate everybody coming in. I think he's going to do very well. We don't want to have a liberal Democrat in Alabama, believe me. We want strong borders, we want stopping crime. We want to have the things that we represent, and we certainly don't want a liberal Democrat that's controlled by Nancy Pelosi and controlled by Chuck Schumer. We don't want to have that for Alabama. Thank you to a very special man, Orrin Hatch, for the introduction. And that was truly a nice introduction and I appreciate it. Thank you, Mike. Thank you very much for being here. This is very exciting for me. I know so many people that are in your church   the Latter-day Saints. The job you've done is beyond anything you could think of   180 countries, taking care of people the way you take of people, and the respect that you have all over the world. Well, that was very nice. I heard you were there. Formerly a great heart surgeon; one of the best in the world. And he decided to help even more people by doing what you're doing. So we appreciate that. Thank you all very much. Appreciate it. We're going to Utah. We're going to be doing something that the state of Utah and others have wanted to be done for many, many years. It will be one of the great, really, events in this country in a long time. So important for states' rights and so important for the people of Utah. And I know a lot of you are coming out with me. We'll have plenty of time to talk. Well, I feel badly for General Flynn. I feel very badly. He's led a very strong life, and I feel very badly, John. I told you that we would be saying, merry Christmas again, right?  And it's great to be back in Missouri   a sign of a lot of good things because you're doing really well. Secretary Mnuchin, who's doing such a fantastic job      thank you   and Linda McMahon. Everybody knows Administrator   small business, became a big business under Linda. She's helping a lot of people. Thank you very much, Linda.  They're all watching. And now it comes in at 3.3 percent, which is the largest increase in many years.  We're going to have the wall. Don't worry about it, we're going to have the wall.  We don't forget that wall. A lot of people say, now that he got elected, is he going to build the wall? The answer is, absolutely   more so, I think more so.  Our plan gets America from the back of the pack and it'll bring us right to number one, where we were for years but where we haven't been for decades. We're going to be right back at number one.  You got a lot of friends out there, Bill.   is doing you a tremendous disservice. She wants your taxes to go up. She's weak on crime, she's weak on borders, she's weak on illegal immigrations, and she's weak on the military. Other than that, I think she's doing a fantastic job.  Thank you very much. As you probably have heard, and some of you have reported, a missile was launched a little while ago from North Korea. Well, we are very far apart because our views on crime and our views on immigration and the military   so many are different. But a lot of things have happened, even over the last two hours with respect to the missile launch. We want our military funded and we want it funded now. It's going to be bigger, better, stronger   it already is   than ever before. But we want to get going on that now. So that is a difference, in all fairness, from this morning when I told them that we're way, way far away. Thank you, General. And we will take care of that situation. Thank you all very much. I appreciate it. Thank you. Nothing changed. Nothing changed. We have a very serious approach, but nothing changed. We take it very seriously. Well, if that happens, I would absolutely blame the Democrats. If it happens, it's going to be over illegals pouring into the country, crime pouring into the country, no border wall   which everybody wants. I got elected partially because of the border wall. Thank you very much. As you probably have heard, and some of you have reported, a missile was launched a little while ago from North Korea. Well, we are very far apart because our views on crime and our views on immigration and the military   so many are different. But a lot of things have happened, even over the last two hours with respect to the missile launch. We want our military funded and we want it funded now. It's going to be bigger, better, stronger   it already is   than ever before. But we want to get going on that now. So that is a difference, in all fairness, from this morning when I told them that we're way, way far away. Thank you, General. And we will take care of that situation. Thank you all very much. I appreciate it. Thank you. Nothing changed. Nothing changed. We have a very serious approach, but nothing changed. We take it very seriously. Well, if that happens, I would absolutely blame the Democrats. If it happens, it's going to be over illegals pouring into the country, crime pouring into the country, no border wall   which everybody wants. I got elected partially because of the border wall. That's fantastic, thank you. That's fantastic. Thank you very much. Beautiful. So they're working on building a Navajo Code Talkers Museum. And we will help you. Okay? And we have some pretty good strength. We will help you, and you deserve it. And I want to thank you all for being here. What a group. This is a great group. Thank you all very much. Thank you. I think the tax bill is going very well. We had a meeting on it today. It's going to be a tremendous tax cut   the biggest in the history of our country. You'll have to pay a lot less tax. That's okay. But we're going to have a tremendous   I think we're going to have great receptivity. No, I think we're going to have really   I think   actually, I think it's going to benefit everybody. It's going to mostly benefit people looking for jobs more than anything else, because we're giving great incentives. It is an honor to be here, I have to tell you. You know, the Coast Guard, always respected. But if you were looking at it as a brand, there’s no brand that went up more than the Coast Guard, with what happened in Texas. And I would say, in particular, Texas has been incredible. You saved 16,000 lives   nobody knows that   16,000 lives. And we went together to Texas, and we saw what you were doing. And you just followed that storm, right next to that storm. And you just   you saved so many people. Hello, everybody, and happy Thanksgiving. You're very, very special people to me and to everybody in this country   that I can tell you. And I've got five deployed units bravely representing each branch of our armed forces. And we're going on live right now, and surrounding me is a lot of press. Better me than you   believe me, fellas. Better me than you. Yeah, I'll be talking about him. I can tell you one thing for sure: We don't need a liberal person in there, a Democrat   Jones. I've looked at his record. It's terrible on crime. It's terrible on the border. It's terrible on the military. I can tell you for a fact, we do not need somebody that's going to be bad on crime, bad on borders, bad with the military, bad for the Second Amendment. Well, he denies it. Look, he denies it. I mean, if you look at what is really going on, and you look at all the things that have happened over the last 48 hours, he totally denies it. He says it didn’t happen. And, you know, you have to listen to him also. You're talking about, he said 40 years ago this did not happen. So, you know   I'll be letting you know next week. But I can tell you, you don’t need somebody who's soft on crime, like Jones. Let me just tell you, Roy Moore denies it. That's all I can say. He denies it. And, by the way, he totally denies it. Women are very special. I think it's a very special time because a lot of things are coming out, and I think that's good for our society, and I think it's very, very good for women. And I'm very happy a lot of these things are coming out, and I'm very happy it's being exposed. I don’t know   look, I don’t want to speak for Al Franken. I don’t know what happened. I just heard about Conyers two minutes ago. We had a great call with President Putin. We're talking about peace in Syria   very important. We're talking about North Korea. We had a call that lasted almost an hour and a half. We've just put out a release on the call. But we're talking very strongly about bringing peace for Syria. We're talking about very strongly about North Korea and Ukraine. Well, I'm not going to get involved in litigation. But, personally, I've always felt that that was a deal that's not good for the country. I think your pricing is going to go up. I don’t think it's a good deal for the country. But I'm not going to get involved. It's litigation. Well, he denies. I mean, Roy Moore denies it. And, by the way, he gives a total denial. And I do have to say, 40 years is a long time. He's run eight races, and this has never comes up. So 40 years is a long time. The women are Trump voters; most of them are Trump voters. All you can do is, you have to do what you have to do. He totally denies it. I do. I really do. I think they should. Thank you. Have a good Thanksgiving, everybody. Well, thank you all for being here, and welcome to the White House. A very special place. On behalf of Melania, Barron, and the entire Trump family, I want to wish you and all Americans a very happy and blessed Thanksgiving. And I hear that beautiful turkey.  Good morning. We just returned from a historic 12-day trip to Asia. Everywhere we went, the American delegation was greeted with tremendous hospitality and tremendous respect. People are respecting our country again, believe me. Thank you very much. Japanese manufacturers, Toyota and Mazda, announced that they will be opening a new plant in the United States that will create 4,000 jobs. You know, the intellectual property   you're talking about $300 billion a year. It's tremendous. We talked about it. But I said, we're friends, but this is a different administration than you've had for the last 30 years. For the last 30 years, China   and, in all fairness, and other countries. Look, we have a $71 billion trade deficit with Mexico. We have a $70 billion trade deficit with Japan. We have a $30 billion trade deficit with South Korea. I could go through a whole list. There are few countries we have a surplus with, and those countries it's like a two-dollar surplus. It's disgraceful. Well, I didn't make the decision. That was made by a man who's actually a very respected person   a very, very respected person. About what? I mentioned it very briefly. Honestly, it wasn't number one on my list. Number one on my list with him was North Korea and trade. Those are the two I really spoke. I mentioned it, you know, briefly, but we'll talk. I'm going to have plenty of time to talk. He'll come here next time. I have a great team. Bob Lighthizer. Bob Lighthizer is   he's going to town. And he works with me. He works with me. But Bob is going to town. I think the APEC was just   good, very collegial. No, but I told them we're going to have much tougher trade policies now, because, you know, they have barriers. We don't. I'm not only talking about tariffs. They have non-tariff barriers, and we don't. I said, you got to remove them. I'll see you in Hanoi. Are you all going up? Well, thank you very much. I'd like to thank the Republican members of the House Ways and Means Committee who are here today to discuss the incredible plan to cut taxes. Now, it's reform and it's lots of other things, but we're cutting taxes. It'll be the biggest tax cut in our history. Paul Ryan has really led an effort and he had some awfully good help. He said, "Do you mind calling Diane Black?" I called Diane Black, and you came through, Diane.  Although let's wait about a month and a half    or less. It could be less. It's been a long time. But, Kevin, you were   really have been fantastic. And a man named Kevin Brady   boy oh boy. He doesn't stop. He doesn't stop. And there's nobody like him, and we really appreciate it, I have to tell you. We'll be with you all the way, 100 percent. Oh.  Great job. Thank you. I didn't know I was going to be given a prop.  Thank you. But we think we're going to be able to do that. And if we have it the way it is now, as of this moment, that's what we're going to be having. It's going to make life very simple. The only people that aren't going to like this is H&R Block, they're not going to be very happy. That's probably one of the only companies in the country that's not going to be thrilled. Well, this is a big day. We have Federal Reserve coming up in a little while, as you know. We just had a big meeting on DACA with some of the senators, and we have great things to say about that. You'll be hearing about that very soon. You did. And that was a good press conference too. And my mother too.  Thank you, everybody. It's a great bill. It's going to be very special, you'll see. We'll be talking about it a little bit later, and I'll see you in a little bit to announce the new head of the Federal Reserve. Thank you very much. Today we mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in New York City, just blocks away from the site of the World Trade Center. A man drove a truck into a pedestrian bike path and murdered eight people, and injured very, very seriously at least 11 more. I would certainly consider that, yes. I would certainly consider that. Send him to Gitmo   I would certainly consider that, yes. Well, they say he came in through that program, so we'll see. We're looking at it. But they say he came in. I don’t want   I want   look, it's very simple. What we are demanding is merit-based immigration. We want people that are going to help our country. We want people that are going to keep our country safe. They could. They could. They certainly could. He did. He did. They certainly could represent a threat. Thank you very much. I think Janet Yellen is excellent. I think she's excellent. I didn't say that. I think she's excellent. Go ahead. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for being here, for the incredible work you're doing to help us pass the really historic tax cuts. There's never been anything like this in the history of our country. It's cuts and it's relief and it's also reform. And frankly, it's also simplification. So we're covering everything. Thank you, Tom. Next week, we'll come back and let's see what we have, right?  You don't look that old.  That's great. Thank you, Dirk. That's really great. I appreciate it. Right. Right. Right, that's true. One of the things that we've been talking about and that we've seen and there’s been anything like it is the level of enthusiasm   the enthusiasm for business, for manufacturing. It’s the highest level it’s ever been   highest level since the charts started. And we have a tremendous level now of enthusiasm for business and for manufacturing. And nobody has ever seen anything like it. We're not looking for that, no. We're not looking for that. Hopefully not. That's something   some people have mentioned that. Hopefully not. Thank you, all. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, Melania, for your moving words and for your devotion   it's a very deep devotion, I can tell you that   to our nation and its children. Well, I think it’s very sad what they've done with this fake dossier. It was made up, and I understand they paid a tremendous amount of money, and Hillary Clinton always denied it. The Democrats always denied it. And now only because it’s going to come out in a court case, they said, yes, they did it. They admitted it, and they're embarrassed by it. I don't think so. I think it’s fine the way it is. We have actually great unity in the Republican Party. Yesterday, I was   That's okay. Look, you know they have to do their thing. We have great unity. If you look at what happened yesterday at the meeting, we had, I guess, virtually every senator, including John McCain. We had a great conversation yesterday   John McCain and myself   about the military. Well, I think it’s sad. But I think to a large extent, in all due respect, I think the media causes a lot of it. Fake stories are being reported. A lot of bad things are being reported that aren’t true, and I think to a certain extent, maybe I can blame the media. Look, he was against me from before he ever knew me. He wrote a book about me before I ever met him, before I ever heard his name. His poll numbers in Arizona are so low that he couldn’t win, and I don't blame him for leaving. I think he did the right thing for himself. Well, he’s saying that   he’s saying that because he has nothing else to say. You know what, I hope Bob   and I really believe that Bob Corker is going to do the right thing also. I can't hear you. I can't   what? Say it again. Well, Senator Flake did vote with me. I understand it was about 91 or even more than that. So from that standpoint, good. I don't think they'd do that. I really know that they want tax cuts. They know we need it. We need it for the country, we need it for the people, we need if for the middle class, we need it for jobs. I don't think they'd do that. I really don't. Say it? I think we're going to get some Democrat votes, yeah. I do believe   I haven't started the process, but I believe that there are certain Democrats that, if they don't vote for these massive tax cuts for business, for jobs, and for the middle class, they will lose their races in '18. Well, I think the press makes me more uncivil than I am. You know, people don't understand   I went to an Ivy League college, I was a nice student, I did very well, I'm a very intelligent person. Well, I think it's always okay   when somebody says something about you that's false, I think it's always okay to counterpunch or to fight back. I wanted to end that quickly. 401s, to me, are very important. And they're important because that's one of the great benefits to the middle class. I didn't want that to go too far. That's why I ended it very quickly. Well, maybe it is, and maybe we'll use it as negotiating. But trust me, that's one of the great things. You know, there are certain elements of deals you don't want to negotiate with. 401s   and Kevin knows it, and I think Kevin Brady is fantastic, but he knows how important 401s are. Well, I think the uranium sale to Russia and the way it was done, so underhanded, with tremendous amounts of money being passed   I actually think that's Watergate, modern age. Say it again, please. I can't   Well, we're going to look at it. Now, I have to say, we are decimating ISIS in the Middle East. What's happening is, they'll go to parts of Africa, they'll go to other places. When they get there, we meet them. It's a dangerous business   I have to say, it's a dangerous business. So what   No, I didn't. Not specifically. But I have generals that are great generals. These are great fighters. These are warriors and   I gave them authority to do what's right so that we win. That's the authority they have. I want to win and we're going to win, and we're beating ISIS very badly. You look at what's happened in the Middle East   we have done more in eight months than the previous administration has done in many years. I was extremely nice to her. She sounds like a lovely lady. I've never seen her. I've never met her, but she sounds likes a lovely lady. But I was extremely nice to her. I was extremely courteous, as I was to everyone else. Did you report it? Did you report it? Thank you. I can only say this: I was really nice to her. I respect her. I respect her family. I certainly respect La David, who   I, by the way, called La David right from the beginning. Just so you understand, they put a chart in front   "La David." It says, La David Johnson. I would say, basically, we talked condolence. I mean, it's all about condolence, it's about warmth. In many cases you listen, because in so many cases   one of the families, they were saying, yes, he was a great football star. We're looking at DACA. We have to get something for it, but we are looking at DACA. And we'll see what happens. I would love to do a DACA deal, but we have to get something very substantial for it, including the wall, including security, including a strong border. We have to be able to stop drugs from pouring into our nation. The tax plan is going to be incredible for this country. It's going to bring back jobs, it's going to cut taxes tremendously. We're going to bring back $4 trillion, I think at least from overseas. That money is going to be put back to work in our country instead of other countries. The tax cut is going to be massive. It's going to keep companies from leaving our country. So important. Not that I know of, no. And I have to say, the whole Russian thing is what it's turned out to be. This was the Democrats coming up with an excuse for losing an election. It's an election that's very hard for a Democrat to lose because the Electoral College is set in such a way that it's very hard to lose that election for a Democrat. They lost it. They lost it very badly and very easily. No, not at all. No. We have a very good relationship. Honestly, when you look at   when you take a look at what's happened with Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, and the hatred and the division and the animosity   I'll tell you what, honestly, the Republicans are very, very well united. We're going to have a big meeting on opioids tomorrow. We're going to be doing a very, very important meeting sometime in the very short   the very near future on opioids, in terms of declaring a national emergency, which gives us power to do things that you can't do right now. Well, they say it began with the Republicans. I think I would know, but I won't say. It'll be determined. It'll be determined. I think I would have, if I were to guess, I have one name in mind. It will probably be revealed. Well, I'd rather not say but you'll be surprised. Well, thank you very much. And Wilbur mentioned a couple of words: reciprocal trade. And that's what we're doing, Wilbur. We are working on many trade deals that have treated our country very unfairly for many years, and nobody even understood it. They didn't know what was going on. And those days are over. We started with NAFTA. We'll see how that turns out. It may not turn out, and if it doesn't turn out, we'll have to do a new NAFTA or a new deal. But we'll see how it turns out. Especially with Trump as your President.  The lowest unemployment. Low. We're doing really well. We're doing well, which makes it better for you. Thank you very much, Chaplain Hurley. Vice President Pence, Secretary Shulkin, members of Congress, members of the Armed Forces, and distinguished guests, please join me in welcoming Captain Gary Michael Rose to the White House.  Well, thank you, Governor. One of the things we have done is delivered to the island massive numbers of generators for electricity, because with the power plants down and in such bad shape, we really had to find some way to get it, especially for the hospitals and certain other areas. And we have   I don’t know if it's record numbers, but it's got to be pretty close   record numbers of generators so that we have electric in the most important locations, and step by step bringing it back. But you can't really bring electric back until you rebuild the power plant, and that's obviously a different level of subject. Thank you very much. Well, I'm working very closely with the government on that because there has been corruption on the island, and we can't have that. You know, we're sending a lot of supplies, we're sending tremendous amounts of food and water and everything. And I know your folks are working on that very hard. But we just can't have it. By the way, not by the federal. This is local we're talking about. Just so we all understand. I think   Brock is here and Tom is here   I think they've done an incredible job. But we're now talking on a local basis, and I think, John, that was your question also. Well, I can say that for anywhere. I can say that for any place we go. You know, at some point FEMA has to leave, first responders have to leave, and the people have to take over. Puerto Rico is a more difficult circumstance, as you can understand, John. But at a certain point, we have to leave the various locations that we're in. Excuse me. You have areas in Puerto Rico where we literally had, and still have to   but it's getting less and less   deliver food and supplies by helicopter because the roads have been wiped out and the bridges have been wiped out. There's no way to get there except by helicopter. And those are difficult situations, and we're working with the governor and the folks on getting it taken care of. But we are literally delivering supplies dropped by helicopter. There’s never been a situation where power and energy have been so devastated   never   you know, where you don't have a power plant. Because power plants   you don't fix them up, and we're not just putting a pole up in the street, like in Texas where you’d put up the poles, and then Florida actually had a lot of underground wire, which is great. It would be wonderful if you could have underground wire. It makes it a lot better in these storms. But there’s never been a situation where the energy and the power has been totally destroyed. I’d say it was a 10. I’d say it was probably the most difficult when you talk about relief, when you talk about search, when you talk about all of the different levels, and even when you talk about lives saved. If you look at the number   I mean, this was   I think it was worse than Katrina. It was in many ways worse than anything people have ever seen. Well, we're not talking about that now. You'll get me into trouble with that question, right? We'll hold that one for   how about we hold that one, Mike, for a later time, right? And then you can interpret. I like it better in Spanish.  That was beautiful. I think we’ll be successful tonight. It will be possibly sometime in the morning, maybe sooner. I think we have the votes for the budget, which will be phase one of our massive tax cuts and reform. But I think we'll be successful tonight with respect to the budget. In Puerto Rico, we're going to working systems, we're going to be dealing with Congress, we're going to be coming before   meaning, far before   any existing debt that's on the island, because as you know, the island has massive debt. Just their   as we talk about the electrical facilities, I think they have $9 billion in debt. Well, any debt that's put in will be coming before that debt. We want to make sure we put in debt and that debt is absolutely protected. We're helping right now. We're helping a lot. This is costing a lot of money, having FEMA, having the military, having the first responders. And we're doing that because we have an obligation to Puerto Rico, to humanity. We have an obligation to ourselves. We want to continue to do a great job on that, and we're doing it. Excuse me? Well, it's   you know, it's a very, very good question, actually. As you know, much of the electric is done by generators that have been brought to the island, in massive numbers, as I said before. The plant itself is going to take a while. We have to build a brand-new plant. Or we have to do, essentially, a renovation that's so large it's going to be like a brand-new plant   one or the other. We're looking at both right now. Governor, I just want to maybe ask you a question. Because for the spirit of these people that have worked so hard and so long, like Tom and like Brock, and like so many others, did the United States   did our government   when we came in, did we do a great job? Military, first responders, FEMA   did we do a great job? This was actually bigger than anything we've seen, and yet I think our response was better than anyone has ever seen. And again, we were given an A-plus by the man who did this   did what you were doing   for the Clinton administration. And while I don't know him, I would like to thank him for what he said. We're talking about possibly combinations of both. Congress is working right now with the people and representatives of Puerto Rico, and we're talking about potentially combinations of both. I didn't see it. I didn't see it. No, I like people working on plans at all time. I think ultimately block grants is the way to go where we block out the money to the states. You get better healthcare; you'll get it for less money. It will be more specific. A state is a smaller government and it can take better care of its people, especially where you have well-run states. We have governors that do a great job and, you know, states that do a good job. Uranium is a big subject. If the mainstream media would cover the uranium scandal and that Russia has 20 percent of uranium for whatever reason   and a lot of people understand what those reasons may be   I think that's your Russia story. That's your real Russia story. Not a story where they talk about collusion, and there was none. It was a hoax. Thank you very much. I just want to say that we just spent quite a bit of time inside with the Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who has been a friend of mine for a long time, long before my world of politics, early into his world of politics, I think. But we've been friends for a long time. We are probably now, despite what we read, we're probably now   I think, at least as far as I'm concerned   closer than ever before. And the relationship is very good. John. Well, I would like to see it be done this year, John. I would like very much to see it be done this year. So we won’t go a step further. If we get it done, that's a great achievement. And just to finish up for Mitch   and we're nine months, right? So we could have a long way to go, but that's okay. Well, let's go to the second part of your question, with Mitch. Again, we've been doing healthcare for, really, seven months, and probably six months, if you think about it, because we started in probably a total of six months. Others were 2.5 years, and much more than that. Others were eight years, and they didn’t get it passed. This man is going to get it done, and I think get it done long before anybody else, and I think it's going to be a great healthcare. Well, I have a very good relationship, as you know, with Steve Bannon. Steve has been a friend of mine for a long time. I like Steve a lot. Steve is doing what Steve thinks is the right thing. Some of the people that he may be looking at, I'm going to see if we talk him out of that, because, frankly, they're great people. We're going to look at that very closely. Well, he's a good man. I have not spoken to him, but I will speak to him and I'll make that determination. And if I think it's one percent negative to doing what we want to do, I will make a change, yes. One second. Yes. We are going to be doing that next week. By the way, you know that's a big step. By the way, people have no understanding of what you just said. That is a very, very big statement. It's a very important step. And to get to that step, a lot of work has to be done and it's time-consuming work. We're going to be doing in next week, okay? Yes. Exactly right. So the insurance companies have made a fortune with Obamacare   an absolute fortune. As you know, what I did with the cuts at the end, which were all going   you know, you're talking about hundreds of millions of dollars a month going right into the pockets of the insurance companies. And I'm very happy with what I did. Yeah. Well, that's what we're looking to do, Joe. We want to get it down so that people can have affordable healthcare. Look, you look at some states   116 percent up. In Alaska, over 200 percent up. In other states, 50 percent, 70 percent up, and those are some of the states that are doing better. Obamacare is a wreck, it's a mess, it's destroying lives. We want to get it in those states   the states that I did so well in   but also in states that I didn't win. Go ahead   tax reform. Yeah. So we are doing minor adjustments. We want to make sure that the middle class is the biggest beneficiary of the tax cuts and tax reform. And that's, I'm sure, what Mitch meant also, because people get it confused. I've written them personal letters. They've been sent, or they're going out tonight, but they were written during the weekend. I will, at some point during the period of time, call the parents and the families   because I have done that, traditionally. I felt very, very badly about that. I always feel badly. It's the toughest   the toughest calls I have to make are the calls where this happens, soldiers are killed. It's a very difficult thing. Now, it gets to a point where, you know, you make four or five of them in one day   it's a very, very tough day. For me, that's by far the toughest. I think Cuba knew about it, sure. I do believe Cuba is responsible. I do believe that. And it's a very unusual attack, as you know, but I do believe Cuba is responsible, yes. Well, I'm going to be meeting with Roy sometime next week, and we're going to talk to him about a lot of different things. But I'll be meeting with him. We could talk blue slips, but my attitude is I just want really capable people going to the courts. Well, let me just explain what's different. We have nominations pending right now, and we have 182 approved   if you look at this: the number that he had approved was 65 percent and 70 percent, and we have 39 percent. They're holding up every single nomination. Schumer and the group are holding up every single nomination. They are obstructing. They're doing   I'm telling you, they're not good politicians, but they're very good at obstruction. Well, I hope to have a relationship. If we don't, we don't. I mean, we have races coming up, as you know, in a year from now. I think we're going to probably do very well. I can say this: If we get taxes approved, we're going to do unbelievably well. Well, we're going to let you know that. I would like to give you that answer in about seven years from now, is that okay? Meaning, one plus seven. I'm going to be proposing an economic development bill in the not-too-distant future. I want to get tax cuts, obviously, done first; maybe even healthcare. But I think somewhere in between or shortly thereafter I'm going to be developing an economic development bill that will put us so far ahead of other countries you will not even believe it. That will be very important. And a lot of praise. Well, we're very opposite in terms of incentives and incentives for jobs and other things. And if you look at what’s happened, we just hit a new high today again in the stock market. We've picked up, Mitch, as of this moment, $5.2 trillion in stock market value. We have the lowest unemployment rate in   I believe it’s almost 17 years. We're doing well. Well, not too many, I must say. It’s the opposite side of the spectrum. I don't know if he did. No, no, no, I was told that he didn't often. And a lot of Presidents don't; they write letters. I do   Excuse me, Peter. I do a combination of both. Sometimes   it’s a very difficult thing to do, but I do a combination of both. President Obama I think probably did sometimes, and maybe sometimes he didn't. I don't know. That's what I was told. All I can do   all I can do is ask my generals. Other Presidents did not call. They’d write letters. And some Presidents didn't do anything. But I like the combination of   I like, when I can, the combination of a call and also a letter. Well, I’d like to see it end. Look, the whole Russian thing was an excuse   Excuse me. Excuse me. The whole Russia thing was an excuse for the Democrats losing the election, and it turns out to be just one excuse. I mean, today Hillary blamed Nigel Farage. That one came out of nowhere. So that was just an excuse for the Democrats losing an election that, frankly, they have a big advantage in the Electoral College. They should always be able to win in the Electoral College, but they were unable to do it. Yes. Well, I can't comment on Bowe Bergdahl because he’s   as you know, they're   I guess he’s doing something today, as we know. And he's also   they're setting up sentencing, so I’m not going to comment on him. But I think people have heard my comments in the past. Well, they should be able to do something. But we need very stronger border security, and we do want the wall. No, they haven’t. In fact, I spoke to Governor Brown. We had a great conversation. We have FEMA there. And as you know, James Lee Witt gave us an A-plus, and I think if he didn't include the fires, he would include the fires also. We have FEMA there. We have military there. We have first responders there. It’s a tragic situation. But we're working very closely with the representatives from California, and we're doing a good job. All I can say is it’s totally fake news. It’s just fake. It’s fake. It’s made-up stuff, and it’s disgraceful what happens. But that's happens in the world of politics. Our country needs a wall. Mexico, you see what’s happening there. You see what just happened yesterday with one of their big political leaders. Mexico is not doing particularly well when it comes to the kind of thing that we have great interest in. Drugs are pouring across our border. We're stopping it, but we need a wall to really stop it. We need a wall in this country. You know it. I know it. Everybody knows it. We have to have a wall, so that's going to be part of it. The Puerto Rico situation is so   because as you know   Oh, I think   well, that's according to the Clinton administration’s head of FEMA, it’s been outstanding. Well, we've delivered tremendous amounts of water. Then what you have to do is you have to have distribution of the water by the people on the island. So we have massive amounts of water. We have massive amounts of food. But they have to distribute the food, and they have to do this. They have to distribute the food to the people on the island. Well, I’ll let Mitch. You want to talk about that, Mitch? Go ahead. Well, I’ll be going, as you know, to South Korea, to China, to Japan, to Vietnam for the summit. We have a big economic summit there. I may be going to the Philippines also. We've been invited to the Philippines, so I may be going to the Philippines. And I look forward to all of them. We haven’t set the details as of this moment. We’ll take a look at that. I didn't hear in terms of provoking, but we will certainly take a look at that. No, not at all. We don't like the fact that they're clashing. We're not taking sides, but we don't like the fact that they're clashing. Let me tell you, we've had for many years a very good relationship with the Kurds, as you know. And we've also been on the side of Iraq, even though we should have never been in there in the first place. We should never have been there. But we're not taking sides in that battle. Oh, I hope Hillary runs. Is she going to run? I hope. Hillary, please run again. I think she’s wrong. Look, when they take a knee   there’s plenty of time to do knees and there’s plenty of time to do lots of other things. But when you take a knee   But when you take a knee   well, that's why she lost the election. Honestly, it’s that thinking   that is the reason she lost the election. It is very disrespectful to our country when they take a knee during our national anthem. It is very   Just hear it. Hear it. It is very disrespectful to our country when they take a knee during the national anthem, number one. Number two, the people of our country are very angry at the NFL. All you have to do is look at their ratings and look at their stadiums. You see empty seats where you never saw them before. A lot of people are very angry at it. It is highly disrespectful. They shouldn’t do it. I don't think so. Okay, thank you very much. And today, we're here to discuss at the Cabinet meeting critical domestic policy issues. I'd like to basically provide you with an update as to how we're doing for the American people, and we're doing a lot of great things. Well, Steve is very committed. He’s a friend of mine, and he’s very committed to getting things passed. I know how he feels. Depends on who you're talking about. There are some Republicans, frankly, that should be ashamed of themselves. But most of them   I tell you what, I know the Republican senators; most of them are really, really great people that want to work hard, and they want to do a great thing for the American public. Thank you. What it's going to do is it's going to be time to negotiate healthcare that's going to be good for everybody. That money is a subsidy for insurance companies. Take a look at their stocks. Look where they are. They're going through the roof, from past   I don’t know about today. But the insurance companies that made a fortune, that money was a subsidy and almost, you could say, a payoff for insurance companies. Because we'll see what happens over the next short period of time. And I can do that instantaneously. I like a two-step process much better. Because I think what we'll do is we'll be able to renegotiate so that everybody gets to. We just took care of a big chunk, and now we'll take care of the other chunk. What would be nice   if the Democratic leaders could come over to the White House, we'll negotiate some deal that's good for everybody. That's what I'd like. But they're always a block vote against everything. They're like obstructionists. If they came over, maybe we could make a deal. But the subsidy is really a subsidy to the insurance company. That's not going to people; that's making the insurance companies rich. Well, I may do that. I may do that. The deal is terrible. So what we've done is, through the certification process, we'll have Congress take a look at it, and I may very well do that. But I like a two-step process much better. We have great support. Well, they've already lost a big chunk, because as you know that's a big chunk and it's very popular. And you will have millions and millions of people sign up under that. You could say   I mean, I'm not doing that consciously. I will say this, John   I will say that the Democrats should come to me; I would even go to them. Because I'm only interested in one thing: getting great healthcare for this country. That was a big chunk. And as far as the subsidy is concerned, I don’t want to make the insurance companies rich. If you look at their stock price over the last number of years, take a look at what's happened with those insurance companies. They're making a fortune by getting that kind of money. We will see what happens with Iran. We're very unhappy with Iran. They have not treated us with the kind of respect that they should be treating. They should have thanked Barack Obama for making that deal. They were gone. They were economically gone. He infused $100  to $150 billion into their economy. He gave them $1.7 billion in cash. And they should be, "Thank you, President Obama." They didn’t say that. We are studying national emergency right now. Believe it or not, doing national emergency, as you understand, is a very big statement. Yes. They would love me to stay in, only for one reason: Look at the kind of money that's being sent. You know, Iran is spending money in various countries. The CSR payments, if you take a look at CSR payments, that money is going to insurance companies to prop up insurance companies. That money is going to insurance companies to lift up their stock price, and that's not what I'm about. Well, I think we're going to take a look, John, at what happens. We're going to see what happens. We're going to see what they come back with. They may come back with something that's very satisfactory to me, and if they don't, within a very short period of time, I'll terminate the deal. We've done a great job. We've done a great job in Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico has to get the infrastructure going. We're helping them with their infrastructure. Well, you have to watch   you can't say there was a hurricane, and now we're going to spend X dollars. And we also have to do something with all the money that's been invested, mostly private. The government is going to have to become before that money, because the government is going to want security. They're going to have to become before that money. And I'm sure we'll be able to work that out. We're going to see what happens with North Korea. That's all I can say. We're going to see what happens. We're totally prepared for numerous things. We are going to see what happens with North Korea. Thank you very much. My fellow Americans: As President of the United States, my highest obligation is to ensure the safety and security of the American people. Thank you very much, Tony.  Thank you. Thank you very much.  Thank you very much. You know, I've been here before.  You do know that. Before the big day on November 8th, I was here. I want to thank Mark Meadows and all of the folks that have really made this possible. And, Tony, tremendous guy. He's saying   they're saying no. Lawana is saying no. That's means no.  Stand up. Stand up. Let me see   he's a rough guy. I can see it. Thank you. Thank you very much. Please. Melania and I are honored to welcome to the Cabinet and welcome everybody to the White House because this is a very, very special place, and I am going to be very proud to announce my nomination for the next Secretary of Homeland Security, Kirstjen Nielsen. I do too.  That was a close one, right? Good. At DHS, Kirstjen was integral to the progress we have made in controlling our borders, confronting gang violence, preparing for disasters, and protecting aviation security. Thank you. Thank you very much to Vice President Pence for that wonderful introduction and for the great job you do. And I want thank Secretary Acosta, Secretary Mnuchin, Acting Secretary Hargan, and Administrator McMahon for joining us today. We're all gathered together for something, I believe, that's going to be very, very powerful for our nation and very good for a lot of people. We took good care of it. They're great people. Thank you, Leslie. Appreciate it. Great to see you. Thank you very much. So they'll get better and it will cost us nothing. That's not too bad, right?  We need some more answers like that. Oh.  I'm only signing it because it costs nothing.  Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. It's great to be back in Pennsylvania with the proud men and women of the American Trucking Associations.  We love Pennsylvania, and we love our great truckers.  We're doing that very shortly.  And our great congressmen, congresswomen, and all of the people that we're working with, all I can say is: You better get it passed.  They will. I know. And you have great ones here in Pennsylvania. These guys don't have a doubt. By the way, everybody wanted to be here today.  And I know why. And one of the all-time greats, and by the way, a really great golfer, too   Mario Lemieux. Super Mario.  And he hits that ball a long way. So I want to thank you for coming today. But for us, this is really a truly great group of world champions. That's what they are; they're world champions. You might even outdo him. I don't know. He's got to be awfully close, right? Well, Mario is Mario. And, Sidney, congratulations.  Yeah. Hey, you better have, right? Way to go, Matt. We expect big things again this year out of Matt, as he will be taking on an even greater role this season between the pipes. Thank you very much. Henry Kissinger has been a friend of mine. I've liked him, I've respected him. But we've been friends for a long time, long before my emergence in the world of politics, which has not been too long. Thank you very much, Henry. I appreciate it. We were on the wrong path before. All you have to do is take a look. If you look over the last 25 years through numerous administrations, we were on a path to a very big problem   a problem like this world has never seen. I don't think so, no. I don't think so at all. I think we're well on our way. It's very   the people of this country want tax cuts. They want lower taxes. No, I didn't undercut anybody. I don't believe in undercutting people. Yes. Do you ever rest? Do you people ever rest? Well, if we could make a deal, at least on a temporary basis, because Obamacare is exploding   it's gone. The premiums are through the roof. You see what's happening. So if we could make a temporary deal because ultimately we're going to hand it back to the states   we're going to block grant back to the states. Nothing to clarify. Well, you'll figure that out pretty soon. Very good relationship. I have a very good   that was fake news. That was fake news by NBC, sorry. I've known Harvey Weinstein for a long time. I'm not all surprised to see it. John Kelly is one of the best people I've ever worked with. He's doing an incredible job, and he told me for the last two months he loves it more than anything he's ever done. No, no. He likes Secretary Tillerson; so do I. We have a very good relationship. We disagree on a couple of things. Sometimes I'd like him to be a little bit tougher, but other than that, we have a very good relationship. Well he says they were in a . That's locker room. That's locker room. Well, we're going to see what happens. We're going to see what happens. What? You're going to see very soon. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You should, you should.  Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. I heard she was fantastic. And “Yes” Movement Orchestra, and the work that they've done and the incredible job that they've done. Thank you very much. Thank you.  And we also love Puerto Rico.  And we're marshaling every federal resource at our disposal. Does anybody object to paying less taxes? I don't see any hands. Okay.  But Hispanic American businesses and families will prosper like never before. This tax cut and tax reform is going very well, and it's going to be a tremendous boost for our country, including the fact that we're the highest-taxed nation in the world. And we will go from that to being down on the lower wrung of taxes. So we'll be paying far, far less. So that's very important for keeping our businesses and our jobs.  Thank you very much. And thank you all for being here tonight. And welcome back to the White House. In particular, I want to thank Secretary Mattis and General Dunford for their incredible leadership and service. I also want to thank General Kelly and General McMaster for joining us this evening, and for their dedication to this administration. They have been really spectacular and done a great job. We'll be looking into that over the next short period of time. We'll be looking into that over the next short period of time. You'll be hearing about Iran very shortly. Thank you. Thank you very much, Governor. And we really appreciate that. And I will tell you, the people of Nevada and the extraordinary city have shown the world their incredible character, courage, and resolve. Nevada really is a very, very special place. Well, I want to congratulate you on a job well done   the professionalism. I just left the hospital, and I have to tell you the doctors, the nurses, everybody over there was incredible, and at numerous hospitals. Well, they were really –- I met a lot of the patients. And you saved them, and the doctors, nurses, all of the people at the hospital. Cab drivers were great. Cab drivers were asking people   telling people, get out of the car. And they were grabbing   one instance where a young woman said the cab driver just threw people out of the car and said, look   hopped in and took them to the hospital. There’s really a lot of stories that are great heroism. Tremendous number of stories. Yeah, no, there might be something there. But the wires are screwed up, but there might be something there. He did a good job, didn’t he? He did a good job. Now, his option would have been try to do it himself. But if it doesn’t work, you wouldn’t have had the information, maybe, right? He did the right thing. That's great. That's really great. Calm and strong and sharp. Hey, everybody. I just got done and I just met some of the most amazing people. We met patients that were absolutely terribly wounded. And the doctors, the nurses, all of the people at the hospital have done a job that's indescribable. And they were full the night that it happened, before it happened, and they found room for many people. How many people came in, Doctor? What I saw today is just an incredible tribute to professionalism, and what they have done is incredible. And you never want to see it again, that I can tell you. And the patients, the bravery   some were very, very badly wounded, and they were badly wounded because they refused to leave. They wanted to help others because they saw people going down all over. John, say a few words to the press. I have to tell you, it makes you very proud to be an American when you see the job that they’ve done. And people that would not be around today are up there and they'll be leaving the hospital in a week or two weeks, or five weeks, and in some cases, even in a few days. It's amazing. One in a few hours. And you would never have believed that. Well, I think the only message I can say is that we're with you 100 percent. We are   in fact, I invited a lot of them over to the White House. I said, if you're ever in Washington, come on over to the Oval Office.  And they're all saying, "We want to do it. How do we do it?" And believe me, I'll be there for them. Well, we're not going to talk about that today. We won't talk about that. Not yet, and we're looking. I can tell you, it's a very sick man. He was a very demented person. We haven't seen that yet, but you will know very soon if we find something. We're looking very, very hard. The fact that they were able to locate that zone and get in there   they say 11 minutes   whatever it was, it kept him busy and he stopped firing because he knew they were coming into that door at some point. And I think they did an incredible job. Yeah. I'm very honored by his comments. It was fake news. It was a totally phony story. Total confidence in Rex. I have total confidence. Okay, thank you very much. I wanted to begin by saying we’ll be leaving tomorrow morning very early from the White House. We’ll be going to Las Vegas. We will be paying our personal respects and condolences to everybody. In 12 days, you got hit twice. And Puerto Rico got hit twice. They had a grazing one that actually the United States took a lot of brunt from, and then they got hit by Maria, and that was dead center. Thank you. They are wonderful people too, and I really appreciate that. I feel that we’re old friends, you know, because we’ve spoken so many times over the last month. And you are   you have done a terrific job. And as you know, your friend, the governor of Puerto Rico happens to be here     and a congresswoman representing 3.5 million people in Puerto Rico. And thank you, Jenniffer. That’s very appropriate now, though, maybe more so than ever, really. Thank you very much. And Governor, thank you very much. Well, thank you very much. It was a great trip and a beautiful place. I've been to Puerto Rico many times as, I think, most of you have known. And I've always loved it. And your weather is second to none, but every once in a while you get hit. And you really got hit   there's no question about it. Well, I want to thank you because you were really generous. And I saw those comments, and everybody saw those comments, and we really appreciate it. Well, we're going to keep them for another couple of weeks. And by that time, I think   well   come here. Special guy, I will tell you   special. Really good.  Sixteen people certified. Sixteen people versus in the thousands. You can be very proud of all of your people, all of our people working together. Sixteen versus literally thousands of people. You can be very proud. Everybody around this table and everybody watching can really be very proud of what's taken place in Puerto Rico. Thank you. And thank you very much. And I don't have to even mention the Marines because we have General Kelly. Where’s General Kelly? Where is our General Kelly? He likes to keep a low profile. Look at him sitting in the back, but, boy, is he watching. You have no idea how he’s   General Kelly, come up here. So General Kelly is a four-star. Not a bad general, right? You don't get any better than General Kelly. No, I know that. And the runways now are pretty open? Amazing job. Amazing job. So amazing that we're ordering hundreds of millions of dollars’ worth of new airplanes for the Air Force, especially the F-35. Do you like the F-35? I said, how does it do it in fights? And how do they do in fights with the F-35? They said, we do very well. You can't see it. Literally you can't see it. So it’s hard to fight a plane that you can't see, right? But that's an expensive plane that you can't see. And as you probably heard, we cut the price very substantially   something that other administrations would never have done, that I can tell you. So thank you very much. Come here, get over here. Come here, come here. On behalf of the Coast Guard, just say a few words. Your people have been amazing. Go ahead. Well, in Texas, it came in, it did devastation, then went right out into the coast, then it came in and out. It came in three times. It would load up with water and come in. Nobody has ever seen water like that. Hard to believe   between the helicopters and all of them. But the Coast Guard itself saved in Texas 16,000 lives, and they went right through that hurricane. And there aren’t too many people who would have done it, believe me. Would you thank everybody for me? Say a few words. Please, say a few words. Customs and Border Protection, say a few words, please. Don't be shy. Okay. You did a great job. I just want to also add Rick Perry is here someplace. Rick   governor of Texas for many years, 14 years   did a great job, head of Energy. And Scott Pruitt from Environmental is here and doing an amazing   really an amazing job. We appreciate it, fellas. Thank you very much. Thank you, Governor.  Well, thank you, everybody. And we're going to make some tours now if anybody has any questions or statements or anything. I know we have a lot of powerful people   a lot of your heads of your Senate, the heads of your everything. And it's an honor to work with you folks. And we'll all get it done together. Thank you very much.  Thank you very much. Taking up a lot of television time, but that's okay.  Thank you all very much. It's great to be here with the National Association of Manufacturers. And I especially want to thank your president, Jay Timmons, and your chairman, David Farr, along with all of the members of Congress that are here today. And they're working hard, I will tell you that. Thank you very much. You just want massive tax cuts. That's what you want. That's the only reason you're going so wild.  Members of both parties   it happens to be in the automobile industry. That's a good industry.  Members of both parties should agree that we need a tax code that keeps jobs in our country and brings jobs back to our country.  Good morning. I'm honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House. We've been meeting long and hard. We've been meeting for quite some time. And it's been very interesting, and we're going to have a big announcement tomorrow. We'll see what happens. We'll see what happens. Puerto Rico needs a lot of money. I'm going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday   scheduled trip. It's the earliest I can go because of the first responders, and we don't want to disrupt the relief efforts. You know, they're going through a lot. The mayor of San Juan was very generous and very nice this morning. He was thanking us for the great job we've done with FEMA, that   we really have. We have worked very, very hard in Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico is very important to me, and Puerto Rico   the people are fantastic people. I grew up in New York, so I know many people from Puerto Rico. I know many Puerto Ricans. And these are great people, and we have to help them. The island is devastated. Well, thank you all. It's a great pleasure to be here with Secretary DeVos, Secretary Acosta, and Ivanka. I also want to express my appreciation to Representatives Bradley Byrne, Susan Brooks, Lamar Smith, and Virginia Foxx. Thank you all for being here. Thank you. Thank you very much for being with us. And Mimi Walters, thank you very much. Thank you, everybody. Thank you, Susan. Everybody has really terrific marks. Right? Every one of them knew that.  I've asked Ivanka to lead up the White House efforts on workforce development, and the initiative today is a critical part of that endeavor. Where is Ivanka? There's Ivanka. Are you? Let's see. What's your strength in school? Science? Good science, right? Thank you. Thank you.  How about you? Do you them in your schools? You're all pretty good with the computers? That's important nowadays. Greater access to STEM and computer science programs will ensure that our children can develop the skills they need to compete and to win in the workforce of tomorrow. Anybody like to lose? I don't think so. Oh, so a little wise guy back there.  That's going to be a big thing that you're doing. And that's working out well? You're moving on it incredibly. What do you guys think? It's peanuts, it's peanuts, right?  You're going to say, "give us more." Right?  You got to get more. Would any of our representatives   maybe I'll start with Betsy. Would you like to say something? Betsy DeVos, everybody. Well, thank you, Betsy. And the Secretary has been working really hard to get this done. This is just one of many things, but you've been working really hard. Well, thank you very much. Thank you, Alex. Great job. Well, thank you. And Alabama is a great state. We love Alabama. Thank you very much, Susan. And these are all very powerful people that are speaking, just so you know. Okay? Excellent. I'll take Speaker, too.  Get things done. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you very much, and you've done a great job, and we appreciate it. You've all done a great job, and it's something very special. Thanks, Ivanka. And education is just so important at every level, whether it's this or whatever you study. Okay, thank you. I think we'll put her in charge of healthcare. I think we're going to put you in charge.  It'll get done, right? If we do the healthcare, it will get done. Well, thank you very much, everyone. It's a great honor. Thank you very much, Mike. And Rex, would you like to say something? Secretary of State. And Nikki Haley, thank you so much for the job you've done over the last long time to just put it together. We had incredible meetings today with France and with Israel. The two leaders   and they're great leaders, and we covered a lot of territory. And we have a lot of agreement, I can tell you that. Well thank you, Nikki, and thank you, Rex, and thank you, Mike. And we appreciate your being here. Thank you all very much. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you very much. At ease, at ease. Please sit down. Good morning, and thank you for joining this call. Yes, I have   on numerous things happening, including North Korea. So I've been briefed, and I'm going to get right now for the briefing. And I’m going to see Frank inside here. We have to be tougher. We have to be smarter. Thank you. Well, thank you very much, everybody. Please, sit down. Enjoy your evening. It's a very special evening. Well I just want to thank everybody. I came down to see FEMA, to see the Coast Guard, to see the Army, the Marines, everybody, the Navy. The job that everybody has done is incredible. Mobilized all over. I see Pam Bondi, who has done such an incredible job stopping certain little problems before they start and actually getting some of the companies to put up a lot of money. So the Attorney General, I want to thank you, Pam. Fantastic job.  One word on a very important subject, so your power is, I mean literally, Rick, it's going on as we speak. It's going way ahead of schedule   weeks ahead of schedule. And most of it, I guess outside of the Keys, where we have a very special problem, but we're working hard on that. That's a very, very special problem. That was just dead-center, but we're working very hard on that. And we have a lot of goods out there, a lot of water, a lot of food, a lot of everything. So we are now going to be making a tour of the areas. We're going to see some of the folks and make sure they're happy because we're trying to keep it as happy as we can under the circumstances. In many cases they lost their homes, and it's a tough situation. So we're going to go see a lot of the folks. Thank you very much. I am pleased to welcome this bipartisan group of Democrats and Republican lawmakers to the White House. More and more, we're trying to work things out together. That's a positive thing, and it's good for the Republicans and good for the Democrats. And this group knows that very well. Well, I’m conservative and, I will tell you, I’m not skeptical. And I think that if we can do things in a bipartisan manner, that will be great. We’re looking at a 15 percent rate. And we want a 15 percent rate because that would bring us low   not by any means the lowest   but it would bring us to a level where China and other countries are. And we will be able to compete with anybody. Nobody will be able to touch us. So we would like to see 15 percent. I think the wealthy will be pretty much where they are   pretty much where they are. If we can do that, we’d like it. If they have to go higher, they’ll go higher, frankly. We’re looking at the middle class and we’re looking at jobs. Thank you, General. Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. Well, that is a problem that we will get resolved, and I’m very, very honored and happy to know that you have problems with the media also.  Thank you, everybody. Thank you. I was just with our governor. He said, you know, Mr. President, we could have had 25 times the number of people, but for policy speeches, they like to keep them just like this. But I appreciate   this is tremendous. And this is truly a tremendous state. And we appreciate it very much. We appreciate you being here. Thank you.  Thank you, Harold. Thank you, honey. Thanks, baby. Come.  Thank you, appreciate it. But a tremendous burden for small businesses and businesses that aren't necessarily liquid, but they're great businesses   where you're forced to sell and terrible things happen. Thank you very much. I'm pleased to be here with Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan, and the two leaders of our tax-writing committee, Chairman Orrin Hatch and Chairman Kevin Brady, who have been working on tax reform for months with our Secretary of the Treasury Steven Mnuchin and Gary Cohn, our National Economic Council Director. Well, I have a great heart for the folks we're talking about   a great love for them. And people think in terms of children, but they're really young adults. I have a love for these people, and hopefully now Congress will be able to help them and do it properly. Well, thank you very much, Governor. And I want to congratulate the governor. I want to congratulate everybody that has worked so hard. It's been an incredible five days, six days. This was   seems like it's much longer than that, but actually it's going so well that it's going fast, in a certain sense. Well, thank you very much. I appreciate it.   the problem is, you just can't   oh, somebody said thank you. Sounds like   are you a doctor in the VA or do you see what we're doing? Thank you and I appreciate that. So we're doing it, and we're really proud of it. Thank you very much. The First Lady and I are pleased to welcome Gail McGovern of the American Red Cross, David Hudson of the Salvation Army, and Kevin Ezell of Southern Baptist Disaster Relief. These people have been absolutely incredible at what they've done. When a disaster strikes, they work to help others in the time of need, which was over the last week, believe me. They've already provided tens of thousands of displaced Gulf Coast residents with meals, water, shelter, fresh blankets, and clean clothing. See, I didn't tell her I was going to do that, Stewart. And she did a great job.  But she really has; she’s been so dedicated to this. This has very much affected her, what’s happened in Texas and neighboring states, frankly. Thank you very much. That's very nice. Well, I think we should thank Brock Long and all of the people at FEMA, and the people at Homeland and, I have to say General Kelly, who has been so much involved. As you know he just left, and he’s now in the White House. But his spirit and anything else that's been involved over the last few weeks getting ready. Because, really, this has been probably now almost two weeks since we felt that it was probably going to hit that area. But General Kelly has done a fantastic job. And Elaine Duke has been terrific. So I want to thank all of our folks. Thank you very much. Very nice. 390,000   And that's up until now. Just up to   as of last night. You'll be doubling that. That's a tremendous job. Tremendous job. That's good. Thank you, Mike. Thank you very much. We’ll be releasing on DACA sometime over the weekend, probably Sunday, Saturday. Latest will be Monday. Great feeling for DACA. Oh, we'll be making a request. Absolutely. For the state of Texas, yes   and Louisiana. Thank you very much. Americans have always come to the aid of their fellow countrymen. Friend helping friend, neighbor helping neighbor, stranger helping stranger   we’ve seen it perhaps more so than at any time, so vividly at least, during Hurricane Harvey. Thank you very much. That’s very nice. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Well, thank you very much. I very much appreciate it. Anybody else? Anybody else? From the beginning. Go ahead. Thank you. Beautiful. Thank you. Thank you very much. Sometime today or over the weekend we'll make a decision. We love the DREAMers. We love everybody. We'll issue it sometime over the weekend. Maybe this afternoon. We're working on emergency funding. We're doing everything we can and we're working very well with the Governor, who has done a terrific job. We think the DREAMers are terrific. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.  Thank you very much. It's so nice. And we appreciate it. And all of the people outside that were waving proudly the American flag   believe me, we appreciate it very much. And I want to just say hello   Elaine Duke is here someplace. Elaine, fantastic job. And Brock has been incredible. And from your standpoint, Nim and the whole group, and Steve, who I just met   Steve   and the job that they've done getting along. Number one, they like each other   very important. And number two, they respect each other. And the job that all of these groups have done getting along is   in terms of coordination, has been really incredible, and everyone is talking about it. And they're big ones. Thank you very much. Thank you, Tom. Thank you very much. And Ben Carson from HUD. Thank you, Ben, very much. I appreciate it. Thank you. That's so nice, Governor, and it's really my honor. This is a very special place in a special state. And Senator Cruz and Senator Cornyn, we thank you very much for being here. We appreciate it. I know it was hard to get here for both of you   you were trapped in various locations   but we appreciate you both being here. Well, I want to tell you, I can speak for the Governor because we spoke about it, and we’re very proud of the Coast Guard   the job you have done with the lives you’ve saved. We’re very, very proud of you, and thank you very much. Well, first of all, I want to thank Governor Abbott. This has been an experience, really, like unfortunately we've never had before. There's never been anything like this. He's doing great. But FEMA has been just working along with everybody. And the coordination, I think as much as anything else, everybody is talking about it. The coordination has been beautiful to watch. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. I just wanted to say, we love you, you are special. We're here to take care of you. It's going well. And I want to thank you for coming out. We're going to get you back and operating immediately. Thank you, everybody. What a crowd. What a turnout. Thank you, Commander Schmidt, for that wonderful introduction and for your steadfast devotion to our country. Come on, Don. Get up here. Thank you. Thank you, Don. Thank you so much. See, that's very risky of me. That can ruin the whole day for me.  If he got up and said the opposite, I would be in trouble.  So thank you, Don. That was very risky. I didn't know what was going to happen.  I had a pretty good idea. Thank you very much. Thank you. Please be seated. Hello, everybody. Great to be back in New York with all of our friends, and some great friends outside the building, I must tell you. I want to thank all of our distinguished guests who are with us today, including members of our Cabinet: Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, OMB Director Mick Mulvaney and, of course, our Transportation Secretary   who is doing a fabulous job   Elaine Chao. Because they're not taking their job seriously as it pertains to this country. And we want jobs, manufacturing in this country. If you look at some of those people that you're talking about they’re outside of the country, they're having a lot of their product made outsider. If you look at Merck as an example, take a look where   excuse me, excuse me   take a look at where their product is made. It's made outside of our country. We want products made in the country. I didn’t wait long. I didn’t wait long. I wanted to make sure, unlike most politicians, that what I said was correct   not make a quick statement. The statement I made on Saturday, the first statement, was a fine statement. But you don’t make statements that direct unless you know the facts. It takes a little while to get the facts. You still don’t know the facts. And it's a very, very important process to me, and it's a very important statement. I brought it. I brought it. I brought it. As I said on   remember, Saturday   we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence. It has no place in America. And then it went on from there. Excuse me. Excuse me. Take it nice and easy. Here's the thing: When I make a statement, I like to be correct. I want the facts. This event just happened. In fact, a lot of the event didn’t even happen yet, as we were speaking. This event just happened. They don’t. They don’t. How about a couple of infrastructure questions. Say it. What? Not at all. I think the country   look, you take a look. I've created over a million jobs since I'm President. The country is booming. The stock market is setting records. We have the highest employment numbers we've ever had in the history of our country. We're doing record business. We have the highest levels of enthusiasm. So the head of Walmart, who I know   who's a very nice guy   was making a political statement. I mean   I'd do it the same way. And you know why? Because I want to make sure, when I make a statement, that the statement is correct. And there was no way   there was no way of making a correct statement that early. I had to see the facts, unlike a lot of reporters. Unlike a lot of reporters   I didn’t know David Duke was there. I wanted to see the facts. And the facts, as they started coming out, were very well stated. In fact, everybody said, "His statement was beautiful. If he would have made it sooner, that would have been good." I couldn’t have made it sooner because I didn’t know all of the facts. Frankly, people still don’t know all of the facts. Well, I think the driver of the car is a disgrace to himself, his family, and this country. And that is   you can call it terrorism. You can call it murder. You can call it whatever you want. I would just call it as "the fastest one to come up with a good verdict." That's what I'd call it. Because there is a question: Is it murder? Is it terrorism? And then you get into legal semantics. The driver of the car is a murderer. And what he did was a horrible, horrible, inexcusable thing. Go ahead. I never spoke to Mr. Bannon about it. Well, we'll see. Look, look   I like Mr. Bannon. He's a friend of mine. But Mr. Bannon came on very late. You know that. I went through 17 senators, governors, and I won all the primaries. Mr. Bannon came on very much later than that. And I like him, he's a good man. He is not a racist, I can tell you that. He's a good person. He actually gets very unfair press in that regard. But we'll see what happens with Mr. Bannon. But he's a good person, and I think the press treats him, frankly, very unfairly. I did it the last time. Senator McCain? Senator McCain? You mean the one who voted against Obamacare? Who is   you mean Senator McCain who voted against us getting good healthcare? Well, I don’t know. I can't tell you. I'm sure Senator McCain must know what he's talking about. But when you say the alt-right, define alt-right to me. You define it. Go ahead. No, define it for me. Come on, let's go. Define it for me. Okay, what about the alt-left that came charging at   excuse me, what about the alt-left that came charging at the, as you say, the alt-right? Do they have any semblance of guilt? Wait a minute. I'm not finished. I'm not finished, fake news. That was a horrible day   I will tell you something. I watched those very closely   much more closely than you people watched it. And you have   you had a group on one side that was bad, and you had a group on the other side that was also very violent. And nobody wants to say that, but I'll say it right now. You had a group   you had a group on the other side that came charging in, without a permit, and they were very, very violent. Go ahead. Those people   all of those people  excuse me, I've condemned neo-Nazis. I've condemned many different groups. But not all of those people were neo-Nazis, believe me. Not all of those people were white supremacists by any stretch. Those people were also there because they wanted to protest the taking down of a statue of Robert E. Lee. Excuse me. If you take a look at some of the groups, and you see   and you'd know it if you were honest reporters, which in many cases you're not   but many of those people were there to protest the taking down of the statue of Robert E. Lee. I would say that's up to a local town, community, or the federal government, depending on where it is located. I think they've gotten better or the same. Look, they've been frayed for a long time. And you can ask President Obama about that, because he'd make speeches about it. But I believe that the fact that I brought in   it will be soon   millions of jobs   you see where companies are moving back into our country   I think that's going to have a tremendous, positive impact on race relations. I’m not putting anybody on a moral plane. What I’m saying is this: You had a group on one side and you had a group on the other, and they came at each other with clubs   and it was vicious and it was horrible. And it was a horrible thing to watch. Yes, I think there’s blame on both sides. If you look at both sides   I think there’s blame on both sides. And I have no doubt about it, and you don’t have any doubt about it either. Excuse me, excuse me. They didn’t put themselves   and you had some very bad people in that group, but you also had people that were very fine people, on both sides. You had people in that group. Excuse me, excuse me. I saw the same pictures as you did. George Washington was a slave owner. Was George Washington a slave owner? So will George Washington now lose his status? Are we going to take down   Okay, good. Are we going to take down the statue? Because he was a major slave owner. Now, are we going to take down his statue? No, no. There were people in that rally   and I looked the night before   if you look, there were people protesting very quietly the taking down of the statue of Robert E. Lee. I’m sure in that group there were some bad ones. The following day it looked like they had some rough, bad people   neo-Nazis, white nationalists, whatever you want to call them. You have an infrastructure   Well, you know, I’ll tell you. We came very close with healthcare. Unfortunately, John McCain decided to vote against it at the last minute. You’ll have to ask John McCain why he did that. But we came very close to healthcare. We will end up getting healthcare. But we’ll get the infrastructure. And actually, infrastructure is something that I think we’ll have bipartisan support on. I actually think Democrats will go along with the infrastructure. No, I’ll be reaching out. I’ll be reaching out. I thought that the statement put out   the mother’s statement I thought was a beautiful statement. I will tell you, it was something that I really appreciated. I thought it was terrific. And, really, under the kind of stress that she’s under and the heartache that she’s under, I thought putting out that statement, to me, was really something. I won’t forget it. I own a house in Charlottesville. Does anyone know I own a house in Charlottesville? Oh boy, it’s going to be   It's in Charlottesville. You'll see. It is the winery. I own, actually, one of the largest wineries in the United States. It's in Charlottesville. Well, I think jobs can have a big impact. I think if we continue to create jobs   over a million, substantially more than a million. And you see just the other day, the car companies coming in with Foxconn. I think if we continue to create jobs at levels that I’m creating jobs, I think that’s going to have a tremendous impact   positive impact on race relations. The people are going to be working, they’re going to be making a lot of money   much more money than they ever thought possible. But that’s going to happen. And the other thing   very important   I believe wages will start going up. They haven’t gone up for a long time. I believe wages now   because the economy is doing so well with respect to employment and unemployment, I believe wages will start to go up. I think that will have a tremendously positive impact on race relations. Thank you. I’m in Washington today to meet with my economic team about trade policy and major tax cuts and reform. We are renegotiating trade deals and making them good for the American worker. And it's about time. Well, thank you very much. As you know, this was a small press conference but a very important one, and it was scheduled to talk about the great things that we're doing with the Secretary on the Veterans Administration. And we will talk about that very much so in a little while, but I thought I should put out a comment as to what's going on in Charlottesville. Go ahead. Say their names. Good. See? I can do it.  Thank you very much. Thank you. Please be seated. Hello, everybody. Great to be back in New York with all of our friends, and some great friends outside the building, I must tell you. I want to thank all of our distinguished guests who are with us today, including members of our Cabinet: Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, OMB Director Mick Mulvaney and, of course, our Transportation Secretary   who is doing a fabulous job   Elaine Chao. Because they're not taking their job seriously as it pertains to this country. And we want jobs, manufacturing in this country. If you look at some of those people that you're talking about they’re outside of the country, they're having a lot of their product made outsider. If you look at Merck as an example, take a look where   excuse me, excuse me   take a look at where their product is made. It's made outside of our country. We want products made in the country. I didn’t wait long. I didn’t wait long. I wanted to make sure, unlike most politicians, that what I said was correct   not make a quick statement. The statement I made on Saturday, the first statement, was a fine statement. But you don’t make statements that direct unless you know the facts. It takes a little while to get the facts. You still don’t know the facts. And it's a very, very important process to me, and it's a very important statement. I brought it. I brought it. I brought it. As I said on   remember, Saturday   we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence. It has no place in America. And then it went on from there. Excuse me. Excuse me. Take it nice and easy. Here's the thing: When I make a statement, I like to be correct. I want the facts. This event just happened. In fact, a lot of the event didn’t even happen yet, as we were speaking. This event just happened. They don’t. They don’t. How about a couple of infrastructure questions. Say it. What? Not at all. I think the country   look, you take a look. I've created over a million jobs since I'm President. The country is booming. The stock market is setting records. We have the highest employment numbers we've ever had in the history of our country. We're doing record business. We have the highest levels of enthusiasm. So the head of Walmart, who I know   who's a very nice guy   was making a political statement. I mean   I'd do it the same way. And you know why? Because I want to make sure, when I make a statement, that the statement is correct. And there was no way   there was no way of making a correct statement that early. I had to see the facts, unlike a lot of reporters. Unlike a lot of reporters   I didn’t know David Duke was there. I wanted to see the facts. And the facts, as they started coming out, were very well stated. In fact, everybody said, "His statement was beautiful. If he would have made it sooner, that would have been good." I couldn’t have made it sooner because I didn’t know all of the facts. Frankly, people still don’t know all of the facts. Well, I think the driver of the car is a disgrace to himself, his family, and this country. And that is   you can call it terrorism. You can call it murder. You can call it whatever you want. I would just call it as "the fastest one to come up with a good verdict." That's what I'd call it. Because there is a question: Is it murder? Is it terrorism? And then you get into legal semantics. The driver of the car is a murderer. And what he did was a horrible, horrible, inexcusable thing. Go ahead. I never spoke to Mr. Bannon about it. Well, we'll see. Look, look   I like Mr. Bannon. He's a friend of mine. But Mr. Bannon came on very late. You know that. I went through 17 senators, governors, and I won all the primaries. Mr. Bannon came on very much later than that. And I like him, he's a good man. He is not a racist, I can tell you that. He's a good person. He actually gets very unfair press in that regard. But we'll see what happens with Mr. Bannon. But he's a good person, and I think the press treats him, frankly, very unfairly. I did it the last time. Senator McCain? Senator McCain? You mean the one who voted against Obamacare? Who is   you mean Senator McCain who voted against us getting good healthcare? Well, I don’t know. I can't tell you. I'm sure Senator McCain must know what he's talking about. But when you say the alt-right, define alt-right to me. You define it. Go ahead. No, define it for me. Come on, let's go. Define it for me. Okay, what about the alt-left that came charging at   excuse me, what about the alt-left that came charging at the, as you say, the alt-right? Do they have any semblance of guilt? Wait a minute. I'm not finished. I'm not finished, fake news. That was a horrible day   I will tell you something. I watched those very closely   much more closely than you people watched it. And you have   you had a group on one side that was bad, and you had a group on the other side that was also very violent. And nobody wants to say that, but I'll say it right now. You had a group   you had a group on the other side that came charging in, without a permit, and they were very, very violent. Go ahead. Those people   all of those people  excuse me, I've condemned neo-Nazis. I've condemned many different groups. But not all of those people were neo-Nazis, believe me. Not all of those people were white supremacists by any stretch. Those people were also there because they wanted to protest the taking down of a statue of Robert E. Lee. Excuse me. If you take a look at some of the groups, and you see   and you'd know it if you were honest reporters, which in many cases you're not   but many of those people were there to protest the taking down of the statue of Robert E. Lee. I would say that's up to a local town, community, or the federal government, depending on where it is located. I think they've gotten better or the same. Look, they've been frayed for a long time. And you can ask President Obama about that, because he'd make speeches about it. But I believe that the fact that I brought in   it will be soon   millions of jobs   you see where companies are moving back into our country   I think that's going to have a tremendous, positive impact on race relations. I’m not putting anybody on a moral plane. What I’m saying is this: You had a group on one side and you had a group on the other, and they came at each other with clubs   and it was vicious and it was horrible. And it was a horrible thing to watch. Yes, I think there’s blame on both sides. If you look at both sides   I think there’s blame on both sides. And I have no doubt about it, and you don’t have any doubt about it either. Excuse me, excuse me. They didn’t put themselves   and you had some very bad people in that group, but you also had people that were very fine people, on both sides. You had people in that group. Excuse me, excuse me. I saw the same pictures as you did. George Washington was a slave owner. Was George Washington a slave owner? So will George Washington now lose his status? Are we going to take down   Okay, good. Are we going to take down the statue? Because he was a major slave owner. Now, are we going to take down his statue? No, no. There were people in that rally   and I looked the night before   if you look, there were people protesting very quietly the taking down of the statue of Robert E. Lee. I’m sure in that group there were some bad ones. The following day it looked like they had some rough, bad people   neo-Nazis, white nationalists, whatever you want to call them. You have an infrastructure   Well, you know, I’ll tell you. We came very close with healthcare. Unfortunately, John McCain decided to vote against it at the last minute. You’ll have to ask John McCain why he did that. But we came very close to healthcare. We will end up getting healthcare. But we’ll get the infrastructure. And actually, infrastructure is something that I think we’ll have bipartisan support on. I actually think Democrats will go along with the infrastructure. No, I’ll be reaching out. I’ll be reaching out. I thought that the statement put out   the mother’s statement I thought was a beautiful statement. I will tell you, it was something that I really appreciated. I thought it was terrific. And, really, under the kind of stress that she’s under and the heartache that she’s under, I thought putting out that statement, to me, was really something. I won’t forget it. I own a house in Charlottesville. Does anyone know I own a house in Charlottesville? Oh boy, it’s going to be   It's in Charlottesville. You'll see. It is the winery. I own, actually, one of the largest wineries in the United States. It's in Charlottesville. Well, I think jobs can have a big impact. I think if we continue to create jobs   over a million, substantially more than a million. And you see just the other day, the car companies coming in with Foxconn. I think if we continue to create jobs at levels that I’m creating jobs, I think that’s going to have a tremendous impact   positive impact on race relations. The people are going to be working, they’re going to be making a lot of money   much more money than they ever thought possible. But that’s going to happen. And the other thing   very important   I believe wages will start going up. They haven’t gone up for a long time. I believe wages now   because the economy is doing so well with respect to employment and unemployment, I believe wages will start to go up. I think that will have a tremendously positive impact on race relations. Thank you. I’m in Washington today to meet with my economic team about trade policy and major tax cuts and reform. We are renegotiating trade deals and making them good for the American worker. And it's about time. Well, thank you very much. As you know, this was a small press conference but a very important one, and it was scheduled to talk about the great things that we're doing with the Secretary on the Veterans Administration. And we will talk about that very much so in a little while, but I thought I should put out a comment as to what's going on in Charlottesville. Go ahead. Say their names. Good. See? I can do it.  Thank you Secretary Acosta and Secretary DeVos for joining us today. And thank you all, because we have been working very hard on being sure that Americans have the training they need for the jobs in the future. I also want to thank Ivanka, my daughter, for her leadership on workforce training and her efforts. You're working very, very hard to create new economic opportunities for women across America and, actually, for women across the world. You've been working with the Chancellor of Germany on helping women all over the world. Well, I think it's pretty obvious. We are looking at that very carefully, and I hope that they are going to fully understand the gravity of what I said. And what I said is what I mean. So hopefully they'll understand, Peter, exactly what I said and the meaning of those words. Those words are very, very easy to understand. Well, we don't want to talk about progress, we don't want to talk about backchannels. We want to talk about a country that has misbehaved for many, many years   decades, actually   through numerous administrations. And they didn't want to take on the issue, and I have no choice but to take it on, and I'm taking it on. And we'll either be very, very successful quickly or we're going to be very, very successful in a different way, quickly. Well, I think maybe she's speaking for Germany. Let her speak for Germany. She's a friend of mine, she's a very good person, a very good woman. She's a friend of Ivanka. Perhaps she's referring to Germany. She's certainly not referring to the United States, that I can tell you. Well, you know, my critics are only saying that because it's me. If somebody else uttered the exact same words that I uttered, they'd say, "What a great statement, what a wonderful statement." They're only doing it   but I will tell you, we have tens of millions of people in this country that are so happy with what I'm saying   because they're saying, finally we have a President that's sticking up for our nation and, frankly, sticking up for our friends and our allies. Thank you very much, Secretary Price, for your work to address the crisis of opioid, heroin, cocaine, and methamphetamines. It is a tremendous problem in our country, and we're going to get it taken care of as well as it can be taken care of, which hopefully will be better than any other country which also has the same problems or similar problems. North Korea best not make any more threats to the United States. They will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen. He has been very threatening beyond a normal state. And as I said, they will be met with fire, fury, and, frankly, power, the likes of which this world has never seen before. Okay, thank you very much. I just want to congratulate Acting Secretary   this is really a big   this is a big position   Elaine Duke. A terrific person. She has done an amazing job for the Trump administration and everywhere she preceded. So congratulations. This is a very important thing you're doing. Good morning. I’d like to begin by thanking Secretary David Shulkin for the incredible progress that he’s making at the VA   tremendous strides. Thank you very much, David. We appreciate it. The veterans appreciate it, I can tell you that. That’s great. Thank you, Doctor. And I just want to thank him, and your skin   I hope you skin is going to be improved.  You look pretty good to me, but what do I know?  Very good. You look very healthy to me, I will tell you that.  Please make sure your skin is perfect.  Thank you very much. It's great to be here today to unveil legislation that would represent the most significant reform to our immigration system in half a century. I want to thank Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue for their tremendous work in putting together this historic and very vital proposal. I just want to state that, as you probably have noticed, the stock market hit an all-time record high today   over 22,000. We've picked up, substantially now, more than $4 trillion in net worth in terms of our country, our stocks, our companies. We have a growth rate   a GDP   which has been much higher than, as you know, anybody anticipated, except maybe us. But it's going to go up. It's going to go higher, too. We're doing a job. Thank you very much. Please be seated. Thank you, Chaplain Hurley. Secretary Mnuchin, Secretary Mattis, Secretary Shulkin, Senator Stabenow, Congressman Upton, and members of the Armed Forces: Thank you for joining us as we award our nation’s highest military honor to Specialist Five James C. McCloughan. Jim, thank you. God bless you. God bless your family. God bless the United States of America. Thank you, Jim.  Good morning. This is our first Cabinet meeting with General Kelly. He will be Chief of Staff, as you know. We all know him, we respect him, admire what he’s done. And at Homeland, what he has done has been nothing short of miraculous. As you know, the border was a tremendous problem and they’re close to 80 percent stoppage. And even the President of Mexico called me   they said their southern border, very few people are coming because they know they’re not going to get through our border, which is the ultimate compliment. We’ll handle North Korea. We’re going to be able to handle them. It will be handled. We handle everything. Thank you very much. We just swore in General Kelly. He will do a spectacular job, I have no doubt, as Chief of Staff. What he's done in terms of Homeland Security is record-shattering   if you look at the border, you look at the tremendous results we've had, and you look at the spirit. And with a very controversial situation, there's been very little controversy   which is pretty amazing by itself. Thank you very much. We'll see you in the boardroom. We're having a Cabinet meeting. Well, I think we've done very well. We've done very well. Lots of records. Lots of records created, John. Well, thank you very much. This is certainly being home for me. I spent a lot of time right here. I was in Queens, so I'd come here, and this was like the luxury location for me. And I love it. I love the people here. Even coming in from the airport, I sat with Nikki Haley, who's here someplace. Where's our Nikki? Ambassador Nikki Haley, who is so incredible.  And she's seen crowds in her life, and she said, boy, those are really big crowds. Crowds of people all lining the streets, all the way over to here. And it's really a special place. And so when I heard about this, I said, I want to do that one. Because of the danger of your job, which people also understand fully, I leave you with the following: Thank you and may God bless you. May God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much.  Please sit down. Thank you. And thank you to Vice President for doing a fantastic job and for the introduction. We welcome you all, members of Congress and distinguished guests. We are gathered here today for a very, very special occasion, as we pay tribute to real heroes whose courageous actions under fire saved so many lives in Alexandria, Virginia just six weeks ago. Very brave people. Great people. Congratulations to all of you. We are forever in your debt. Thank you. God bless you. God bless our truly amazing law enforcement. And God Bless America. Thank you very much. Thank you.  Thank you very much. I want to thank our great Vice President. Thank you to Speaker Ryan. We're working very, very closely. We're getting a lot done. Hello, everybody. We actually just met, for the audience. We just met.  We took pictures, right? That's right. Well, thank you very much. It’s my great honor to officially welcome Boys and Girls Nation to the White House. Really special place, isn’t it though? Isn’t it great?  Great. Okay, but you’re all really happy that you’re here, right?  Wow. That’s pretty good, Bob. That’s as good as I’ve ever heard.  That’s fantastic. Come on over here, Bob. Be careful. We don’t want to see Bob go down. Do you agree with that?  Because he will never forget that. Come on, Bob. That’s true. See?  In each of these moments, and so many others, America triumphed. We win. We know how to win, right? And we win because of the spirit of our people. Believe me, that's a big part of it. Because you have what it takes to be the leaders that will shape this future. Some of you may want to come back to the capital   someday, you're going to be back, many of you   and help make the laws that will guide this nation and govern our land. What about here? You're right.  And I think they mean it. I think they mean it. You were chosen for this program because you believe in America’s future and because you have the ambition and the heart to ensure that America will always be victorious and will always prevail. You got the last word.  Thank you, Bob. Thank you everybody. Have a great life and love your country and love your God. Okay? Bye everybody. Bye everybody. Thank you.  Look at all those cameras back there. Isn't that nice?  We love Ohio. Boy, do we love Ohio.  Thank you. And I'm going to be speaking about you in a couple of minutes. You are something. You are brave and strong, and we're going to be talking about you. And that's why we're here, to talk about you. So thank you very much. It's great to be back in Youngstown. It was an incredible time we had. And you know the numbers, and you saw for many, many years Democrats   and they're really great   but Democrats, they win in Youngstown. But not this time.  Right? They started to get a little nervous at the beginning of that evening when they see Youngstown seems to be going the other way. That hasn’t happened in a lot of decades. I know he is. Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. I tell you, thank you very much. That includes reforming the Department of Veterans Affairs   where David is doing such an incredible job   so we can serve you as faithfully as you served our nation. It cost a lot less.  He served on the Tennessee for another four-and-a-half years, fighting in some of the greatest engagements in the Pacific Ocean. Thank you. Thank you very much. Where Bob served in the Navy Reserve and also worked in the steel industry for over 50 years. This year, Bob and Doris celebrated   now, you’re going to have to explain this to me   their 74th wedding anniversary. Wow.  That is fantastic. That is so beautiful. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much.  I am thrilled to be here. Thrilled.  And if you think that was an easy trip, you’re wrong, but I am thrilled   19th Boy Scout Jamboree   wow   and to address such a tremendous group. Boy, you have a lot of people here. The press will say it’s about 200 people.  It looks like about 45,000 people. You set a record today.  You set a record. That’s a great honor, believe me. You are the young people of character and integrity who will serve as leaders in our communities, and uphold the sacred values of our nation. By the way, you going to get the votes? That was very impressive.  You've heard that before. I’m waving to people back there so small I can't even see them. Man, this is a lot of people. Turn those cameras back there, please. That is so incredible. By the way, just a question, did President Obama ever come to a jamboree? And we’ll be back. We’ll be back. The answer is no, but we’ll be back. Should I tell you? Should I tell you? Oh, you’re Boy Scouts, but you know life. You know life. So   look at you. Who would think this is the Boy Scouts, right? She was told she was going to win Michigan, and I said, well, wait a minute, the car industry is moving to Mexico. Why is she going to move   she’s there. Why are they allowing it to move? And I’ll tell you what, we are, indeed, making America great again. What’s going on is incredible.  You learn to contribute to your communities, to take pride in your nation, and to seek out opportunities to serve. You pledge to help other people at all times.  And never, ever forget, America is proud of you.  Thank you very much, Secretary Mattis, for that wonderful introduction and for your devoted service to our nation. Nobody has done it like you. I'm thrilled to be back on this magnificent ship for this historic moment with the amazing men and women of the United States Navy.  I hereby place United States Ship Gerald R. Ford in commission. May God bless and guide this warship and all who shall sail in her. God bless you. Thank you.  Thank you very much. Today it's my distinct privilege to welcome to the White House three of the five living survivors of the USS Arizona. This is their first time to our nation's capital   Ken, Lauren, and Don. I hope this trip does honor to you and your truly heroic service and we wanted to thank you all. That is so good. Thank you very much. Thank you for giving me the nicest hardware, plus a beautiful patch. Thank you. You doing good? You're feeling good? You better believe it.  He looks good to me. Thank you very much. Thank you. Feel pretty good, right? How long have you been married? Have long are you together? Listen to this one, folks. That's a long time. That's beautiful. That's beautiful. Thank you. That is beautiful. You should be, right? That's so nice. Thank you for being here. I think you loved him, right? I do. That's true. Thank you, Joe Ann. Appreciate it. You see what's happening. They look at the day's budget, and so they're seeing lots of ships, right? Lots of planes. Lots of great equipment. Ken, Lauren, Don, and Joe Ann, I want to thank you for reminding us who we are, where we come from, and why we never, ever give up. Your story gives us all inspiration to do the right thing for our country, our countrymen, and for our God. Thank you very much for being here. Thank you very much. It's a great honor. Thank you. Thank you all. Make America great again. That's good. And now I know why you married this guy such a long time.  That's beautiful. Thank you. Well, thank you very much. Very exciting   and exciting times at the White House. A lot of things happening that are so great for our country. I want to welcome Made in America Week. This is what we call Made in America  right here, and they’re all here. Some of the great business minds, businesses geniuses. Congratulations fellas, that’s not a bad statement.  Okay, who's going to make the first presentation? I want to buy something.  But only if it's made in America, right?  I want to thank you all. Thank you very much. So what label do you like better   Made in America or Made in the USA? Tell me. Think about it. Think about it. What do you like better? Made in America or Made in the USA? What do you like? Secretary, how do you feel? It used to be Made in the USA, I think the label that was on a car. Do you know, they were telling me that in Czechoslovakia and other communist countries many years ago, they were so proud of a car if it was made in the United States. They used to take a single dollar and they'd Scotch-tape it up their windshield just to show an American dollar. And that was a long time ago, but that's what they used to do. And maybe somebody is going to be doing that in the future. How many pillows did you make last year in the USA? It's nuts. I mean, can you imagine? 30 million since. That's fantastic. I know, it's amazing. I heard it's amazing. Okay. What does the media like? Do you like Made in America or Made in the USA? Steve, what do you like   Made in America or Made in the USA? Huh? Either way. They're so quiet all of a sudden.  Well, you make your decision. I think, specifically, Made in the USA was what they had   Made in the USA. But either is great. Or both. I mean, you could really go both. Although, I think we probably like to settle. Okay, good. Very good. Are you going to show me some things? Let's go. Thank you very much. Please, be seated. Mr. Vice President, distinguished guests, and members of the media: I’m honored to welcome you here today as the bipartisan Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity prepares to conduct its first official meeting. Very, very important. Thank you very much. I’m pleased to have Vice President Pence with us and four great soldiers who spent a lot of time in Afghanistan. And I’m going to be talking to you about Afghanistan   what you think, your views. These are people on the ground   know it probably better than anybody. You know it pretty well, right? Disappointed. Very disappointed. I don’t think it’s dead, no. But I’m certainly disappointed. For seven years, I’ve been hearing "repeal and replace" from Congress, and I’ve been hearing it loud and strong. And then when we finally get a chance to repeal and replace, they don’t take advantage of it. So that’s disappointing. Well, they were not disloyal, they had their own reasons. I was very surprised when the two folks came out last night, because we thought they were in fairly good shape, but they did. And, you know, everybody has their own reason. No. Thank you, Mike. And you know, Mike, it is true that, as I walked through the halls, we saw so many great companies, but the gentleman who was in charge of Omaha Beef   they do beef   he hugged me, he wanted to kiss me so badly.  Because he said, our business is a whole different business now because you got China approved; the other administrations couldn’t even come close. And I told him, you know how long it took? One sentence. I said, President Xi, we’d love to sell beef back in China again. He said, you can do that. That was the end of that. Right?  Sonny. The great Sonny Perdue.  So we’re very happy. I think.  And when it does happen, that will be a big day in America, believe me. A big day in America. Welcome, everyone. The rain stopped just as we came out. I don’t know what that means, but it's not bad.  And Happy Fourth of July. Great honor to have you with us.  Melania and I truly appreciate and celebrate America’s independence with those who courageously defend our country   the men, women and families of the United States military. Thank you very much. Boy, this is some group. Some group.  Nice to win, isn’t it? Isn't it nice to win? Robert, thank you very much for that incredible introduction, and thank you to everyone from First Baptist Dallas. Thank you.  Pastor, you and Amy have stood with us since the very, very beginning   and I will always stand with you. I've told you that, and I mean that. I will always be with you. I appreciate it. Thank you.  Thank you. I love you too. Our religious liberty is enshrined in the very First Amendment in the Bill of Rights. The American Founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence. Harry fought through the battle and the rest of the war, and he went on to serve in our Armed Forces for 22 years, retiring as a Senior Master Sergeant. A lot of guts. Tomorrow, Harry will be 89 tomorrow   89.  Thank you, very much. You don't mind if I do that? Get rid of it.  I think so. That's what the word is. And good for both countries. This is infinity here. It could be infinity. We don’t really don’t know. But it could be. It has to be something   but it could be infinity, right? President Moon, thank you very much. It’s a great honor to have you at the White House and your very beautiful and lovely wife. We appreciate it. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much.  How are you? That’s true. Good to have you all. Hello, Chairman. Great man, right here. Might be another one right there. We have some good ones. We had a wonderful meeting on healthcare, yesterday, you probably know about, and so we're moving along. Hello, Thomas. Good   which will cut federal grant money to cities that shield dangerous criminal aliens from being turned over to federal law enforcement. That's what I thought. Hello, Melissa.  Melissa Oliver. And I just want to say that your father was a true hero   and you know that   and a great gentleman, and we miss him. You miss him. We miss him. It's time to support our police, to protect our families, and to save American lives. And also to start getting smart. Thank you all for being here. Very much appreciated. We welcome you to the White House. Have you all been to the White House before? Have you been here before? That’s good. Well you guys have been   most people say no. I’m very impressed with that count. Well, we're sending a lot of it back to the states where it belongs. And this will be something really special if we can get it done. Always tough. It's probably the toughest subject from the standpoint of approval because every state is different. Every state has different needs. We have a tremendous opioid problem, and some states are more affected by that than others. But overall, I have to tell you, this will be a tremendous plan. It will really   you're going to have a lot of very, very happy people in this country if we can get it done. It's going to great. This will be great for everybody. Well, I thought I'd ask you folks to come say hello, and we'll discuss healthcare. We have really no choice but to solve this situation. Obamacare is a total disaster. I think the Senate bill is going to be great. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Such an understanding lot. Thank you very much.  Thank you very much, everybody. That's really greatly appreciated. This is so beautiful. Wow. Good morning, everybody. Very nice to have you here. It's a great honor. So many of you I recognize, and others I do from reading business magazines and other magazines. You've done very well. You're very representative of your group. A great career. I was sad to hear it in one way, and in another way I said, boy, what a good job. So I know whatever you're going to be doing   that's a long time over there. I've known you a long time in that company. I've done deals with that company, and you were there, right? A lot of good friends like Dale Frey and John Myers. We had a good time at GE. Thank you very much. I just learned more about farming than I ever thought I'd learn. What a good place. I love it. I want to thank also Dean Scott Ermer along with the students and faculty at Kirkwood Community College for hosting us. What a beautiful place. We're here today to talk about how we're going to empower America’s farmers and protect our nation’s proud farming legacy, including ethanol, which I've done.  Family farmers are the backbone of America, and my administration will always support the farmer. Thank you. Great guy. Ambassador Branstad will be serving in Beijing, but he’s going to be fighting for American farmers and for American workers and for Americans. And there's nobody I can think of that can do a better job or a more effective job. Thank you very much. It’s great to have you at the White House. And I just wanted to pass on word   Otto Warmbier has just passed away. He spent a year and a half in North Korea. A lot of bad things happened. But at least we got him home to be with his parents, where they were so happy to see him, even though he was in very tough condition. But he just passed away a little while ago. It’s a brutal regime, and we’ll be able to handle it. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. Great honor. And thank you to my truly great friend, Vice President Mike Pence   he’s terrific.  And thank you to Miami. We love Miami. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, darling. Oh do I love you, too.  And I don’t even mind that it is 110 degrees up here.  This room is packed. You know, it wasn’t designed for this. I would like to thank the fire department.  Thank you. Wow. That's pretty good. She didn't know she was going to do that either, I will tell you. Thank you very much. I am announcing today a new policy, just as I promised during the campaign, and I will be signing that contract right at that table in just a moment.  Thank you, Luis. I just said, so where were you more nervous? Today or then? He said, honestly, I think today. That's pretty    Thank you, Luis, that was beautiful. Thank you. Thank you very much. Hello, everybody. Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for all being here. Before beginning today, I’d like to take a moment to again send our thoughts and prayers to my friend, and the friend of most of us in this room, Steve Scalise, and his great family as he continues his very brave fight. As you all know, shortly after 7:00 a.m. this morning, a gunman opened fire on members of Congress and their staffs as they were practicing for tomorrow's annual charity baseball game. This is quite a place   with a beautiful speaker system, I will tell you.  We can tell that immediately. Thank you very much. Greatly appreciate it. I'm very happy that you're all here today with Republican senators. We're going to be discussing the urgent need to repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. It was just announced yesterday that 2 million people have dropped out of Obamacare   2 million additional. They are leaving fast. Premiums have increased by an average of more than 100 percent nationwide. As soon as we can do it. As soon as we can do it. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. Hello, everybody. Mr. Governor, how are you? We campaigned long and hard together   right?  That worked out well, and you became governor. So nobody complaining. Thank you, Secretary Chao. Thank you, everybody. This is very nice, by the way. Beautiful. I want to really thank you. You have been so amazing as the leader of this department, and the progress is being made so quickly. Leaders and officials gathered here from across the country have all praised the work that the Secretary is doing to create a safe, modern and reliable transportation system for the United States and for its great, great, great people. Well, thank you all very much for being here. This is fantastic. In fact, what we’ll do   in a minute, we’ll go around the room real quickly. I see some extra people showed up so that, frankly, we don’t have too much room, Rick. It’s a little tight in here. It’s a little tight, but that’s okay. Great honor. and it's my pleasure to welcome so many incredible governors, tribal leaders, mayors, county commissioners, and other leaders of our country to the White House Infrastructure Summit. We’re doing a great job with respect to infrastructure all over, and we’re very proud of it. It’s going to take off like a rocket ship   moving very quickly. Together, we’re going to rebuild America. Thank you, Ralph. He said we got 81 percent of the vote. I want to know, who are the 19 percent? Who are they?  Where do they come from? No, no, we want to hear from the people that we want to hear from. That was easy.  Do you see how it’s failing? Okay. So I’ve been saying 116 percent for so long   it was Arizona. So yesterday, I have a new number   204 percent, in Alaska, increase. It’s a catastrophe. Obamacare, as one of the big insurance companies had said, is in a spiral. It’s in a death spiral. It is dead. Dead. Some of the states are losing their insurance companies. Yesterday, Ohio lost one of the big ones. And Ohio has got problems now. They all have problems   Kentucky, Tennessee. Every place I go. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mike. I really appreciate everything and I appreciate you being here. But I especially want to thank Secretary Elaine Chao, Leader Kevin McCarthy   thank you, Kevin   Chairman Bill Shuster   thank you very much, Bill   and all the members of Congress   we have many of them here today   for joining us as we prepare to enter a great new era in American aviation.  It’s about time, too, I can tell you. Thank you very much.  Thank you. I would like to begin by addressing the terrorist attack in Manila. We’re closely monitoring the situation, and I will continue to give updates if anything happens during this period of time. But it is really very sad as to what’s going on throughout the world with terror. Our thoughts and our prayers are with all of those affected. Thank you so much. And thank you, General Dunford and Secretary Mattis, for your moving words and for your service to our great nation. Vice President Pence, Cabinet Secretaries, members of Congress, members of the Armed Forces and veterans   thank you for joining us as we honor the brave warriors who gave their lives for ours, spending their last moments on this Earth in defense of this country and of its people. Thank you very much. Thank you, John.  Thank you. Thank you, and congratulations to the Class of 2017. Great job. Thank you, everybody.  Wow, what a beautiful introduction. Thank you, Chuck. That was above and beyond. That's the way I'm going to be with you, too. And it's a great honor   thank you very much   it's a great honor to address America’s heroes on this most solemn occasion. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Mike.  That’s the group. Thank you. The groups have all come together. We have the Tuesday Group   we have so many groups. We have the Freedom Caucus. We have   and they’re all great people. But we have a lot of groups. But they all came together. Really, Paul, I’d say in the last three, four days   especially in the last day. I see Mark and I see Kevin, I see so many people   Jim. This is very exciting. So yesterday I said that our spending bill was a win for the American people, which is exactly what it was   an amazing day. And this is what winning for young children and kids from all over the country looks like. The opportunity scholarship program that we’re funding allows families in the inner city of our nation’s capital to leave failing public schools and attend a private school, making an extraordinary difference in these incredible young lives. You’re so lucky.  Great. You’re happy about it? Huh?  That’s great. Thank you very much, everybody. I appreciate it. That’s some big people behind me. Big, strong, brilliant people. Please sit down. Slightly   Coach is saying, boy, they’re big. But you beat them, right? You beat them. He knows how to win. Just spoke to Bob Kraft of the New England Patriots, right, and he gave you a little pep talk. And he’s a big fan, too. But we know one thing. As good as this coach is, even he says he’s not replacing Belichick   is that right?  But someplace else. You’re going to stay where you are. You better stay right where you are, Coach, right?  Don’t let   you better never leave us. He better never leave.  South Alabama. Good team, too. But we all know the games that you’re most proud of   I shouldn’t say this, because I love these teams, too. Should I say it?  I thought they were great Americans, Coach. All right. The games they were   they beat Navy   good team.  Do I have to give the score? Beat Navy 28-14. And you beat West Point 31-12.  Does anybody feel guilty that you made me do that? No?  Wow, look at that. Oh boy, oh boy. They love Dodd-Frank, don’t they? They love it.  Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Very nice. Sit down, please. Beautiful hats.  Thank you, everybody, very much. I appreciate you being here today. Great people outside, you can see that. These are great, great Americans and unbelievable workers. Nobody has better than what we have.   Wilbur, a legend   to identify every violation and abuse of our trade agreements, and to use every available measure under the law to end these abuses against our workers.  And if they don’t get cleared up, Wilbur will end the trade agreements. Do you agree with that? Second, I'm establishing the Office of Trade and Manufacturing Policy within the White House. Its mission will be to defend American workers and companies from those who would steal our jobs and threaten our manufacturing base.  Peter Navarro, one of the greats trying to protect our jobs. Right, Peter? Thank you, Peter. Appreciate it. Peter, come on over here.  Peter Navarro has fought against trade abuse for a long time. And, Peter, this is the first time you're seeing something happen   all those decades you've been fighting. Thank you, Peter. Great job. Thank you, everybody.  Thank you, Mike Pence   a really wonderful guy, and my great friend, and a truly great Vice President. He will go down as a truly great Vice President. We're moving awfully well. We're getting a lot of things done. I don’t think there's ever been anything like this. It's a false standard, 100 days, but I have to tell you, I don’t think anybody has done what we did over the 100 days. So we're very happy.  We’ll build the wall. Don't even think about it. Don't even think about it. Don't even think about it. That's an easy one. We're going to build the wall. We need the wall. Thank you very much. And, Mike, you’ve been so magnificent as our Vice President that we very much appreciate it. Thank you very much. Venezuela is a mess. Venezuela is a mess. Busy day, hasn’t it been? Busy, busy day. These are great people. We’re with great people right now. Who’s from Indiana? Oh, wow, that’s fantastic. We have our Vice President. We have Karen Pence. So thank you very much. I know, the Oval Office can do that. I have had some of the biggest executives in the world and they’ve been here many times. I said, have you ever been to the Oval Office, and they said no. I mean, I once had here like the biggest, from the biggest companies. And they walk into the Oval Office and they start crying. I said, I promise I won’t say to your various stockholders that you cried.  But I have seen people cry that you’d never believe. It’s a very special place, and it’s a special building. So thank you all very much. Thank you. Well, thank you very much, Vice President Pence, who has done an absolutely outstanding job as Vice President. We very much appreciate it. Always. Oh, it’s going to be a short speech because I   I just felt I had to stay here.  Education for North Korea.  This is a good one, right   on federal control of education. Doesn’t get better than that, right? Great plan. It will put people back to work. Thank you, Mike. He’s been a great Vice President, a great help. And everybody loves Mike Pence. I just want to thank you for your service. Been incredible.  You didn't stop. He doesn't give up. And he’s shocked that I’m doing it, but I’m doing it because it’s the right thing to do. But I really have to point you out, you didn't stop. I’m never surprised by the 9th Circuit.  As I said, we’ll see them in the Supreme Court.  Busy day. They had a very busy day   had a good day. We’re doing well, very well. Things are turning around. I know they’re turning around for you folks, so I just want to welcome you very much to the White House   special place   America’s farmers and ranchers. You didn’t have one of those 51-49 votes.  He had a very big vote, so thank Justice Thomas too   great man, great person. We appreciate it. No, not at all. They have a tremendous surplus with the United States. Whenever they have a surplus, I have no fear. By the way, virtually every country has a surplus with the United States. We have massive trade deficits. So when we’re the country with the deficits, we have no fear. Say it? The wall is going to get built, by the way. Just in case anybody has any question: The wall is going to get built, and the wall is going to stop drugs, and it’s going to stop a lot of people from coming in that shouldn’t be here, and it’s going to have a huge effect on human trafficking, which is a tremendous problem in this world   a problem that nobody talks about   but it’s a problem that’s probably worse than any time in the history of this world. Human trafficking, what’s going on. Soon. We’re already preparing. We’re doing plans. We’re doing specifications. We’re doing a lot of work on the wall, and the wall gets built. The wall is very, very important. Well, it’s certainly going to   yeah, yeah, sure. We have plenty of time   got a lot of time. Thank you very much. Thank you. Friends, members of Congress, ambassadors, veterans, and, most especially, to the survivors here with us today, it’s an honor to join you on this very, very solemn occasion. I am deeply moved to stand before those who survived history’s darkest hour. Your cherished presence transforms this place into a sacred gathering. This is a very, very important and powerful group of people, and it’s really wonderful to have you with us. And I have to say, welcome to the White House. It’s a privilege to have all of the ambassadors and their spouses. You know, they were going to leave out the spouses, and I said, you must bring your spouses.  You know, I heard there were a lot of very angry spouses      and this is their first time to the White House. So it’s a great honor to those of you that brought your wife or spouse. Do you hear me? Well, that's what we like   great American equipment that works. And this isn’t easy.  Great. And what are we learning from having you spending your time up there? I know so much research is done; I'm getting a glimpse of some of it right here in the Oval Office. What are we learning by being in space? Well, that's good. I'm glad to hear that.  Better you than me. I will say, Colonel Fischer, you just arrived, and how was your trip? Complicated? Easy? How did it go? Tell me, Mars   what do you see a timing for actually sending humans to Mars? Is there a schedule? And when would you see that happening? Well, we want to try and do it during my first term or, at worst, during my second term. So we'll have to speed that up a little bit, okay? Oh, you will. And I have great respect for you folks. It's amazing what you do. And I just want to introduce another great one. Kate Rubins is with us today, and she has been so impressive with research and so many other things having to do with NASA. And, Kate, I understand you're the first person to sequence DNA in space. Can you tell us about that? That's fantastic. That is really great. I saw some of the work, and it's incredible. You know, I've been dealing with politicians so much, I'm so much more impressed with these people. You have no idea. You’re making a great difference, I have to say. And this is a very exciting time for our country, and you see what’s happening with our country in terms of jobs, in terms of business, and there’s such excitement and such enthusiasm. Many American entrepreneurs are racing into space. I have many friends that are so excited about space. They want to get involved in space from the standpoint of entrepreneurship and business. Well, thank you. So well said. And I have to say, there’s tremendous military application in space. We’re rebuilding our military like never before. We’re ordering equipment, and we’re going to have the strongest military that we’ve ever had, the strongest military that the world has ever seen, and there’s been no time where we need it more. And I’m sure that every student watching wants to know, what is next for Americans in space. I just want to thank you very much. And, Dr. Whitson, I just   congratulations. Amazing. What an amazing thing that you’ve done. Everybody here   I know you’re family   but everybody here is incredibly proud of the record you just broke. I hope that every young American watching today finds, in your example, a reason to love space and think about space because many great things are going to come out, tremendous discoveries in medicine and so many other fields. Thank you very much, Steve. Great honor, I must say. It’s a great pleasure to be at the United States Treasury Department and to meet so many dedicated public servants. I went through that beautiful hallway where those incredible paintings of past secretaries, and it was really very interesting. I want to read every one, I want to learn about every one of them, but we have one that I hope will go down as one of the greats. I think Hamilton is tough to beat, but maybe you can do that too. We’ll take it, right? But thank you very much. Thank you very much. We appreciate everybody for being here. It's a historic day for American steel and, most importantly, for American steelworkers. Thanks, especially, to Secretary Wilbur Ross for helping to lead this critical effort. We've been working on it since I came to office, and long before I came to office. We're going to fight for American workers and American-made steel. And that's beginning immediately. Thank you very much. Anybody like to say something on behalf of your company or your workers? Thank you very much. I have to say, the unions have been working with us very closely, and they’ve been great. So I appreciate that. Thank you very much. This has nothing to do with China. This has to do with worldwide, what’s happening. The dumping problem is a worldwide problem. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. What a great day it is to be with all of our friends at the White House. We celebrate the Super Bowl New England Patriots, world champions, Super Bowl champions   champions, period   and their historic win.  And they are champions. I had a feeling you might say that. But everyone played a role, and everybody played as champions. It was the first overtime game in Super Bowl history, and it ended with a legendary victory for this proud franchise and for these absolutely terrific players and coaches. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much.  Good morning. We're honored to join and be joined today by some absolutely tremendous people and great veterans. Thanks, as well   and I have to thank them dearly   but as well to Representative Phil Roe. Where is he? What a job you've done. And all the members of Congress who worked on the bill that we're about to sign. Such an important bill. Does everybody agree? I think Phil is   Phil agrees. But congratulations, everybody. Really fantastic. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. It’s fantastic. Go ahead. I won’t look back. You just talk.  Right. Thank you. Great job. So again, next week, on Thursday, at 2 o’clock   it may change a little bit, but about that time we’re going to have a conference to talk about the progress and the achievement. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Nobody can say it better than that, so we’re going to end. But I want to just thank you all. Thank you for being here. Thank you.  Thank you very much.  These are great, great people and these are real workers. I love the workers. We're doing a good job for the workers. And I’m thrilled to be back in Wisconsin. The optimism in this room is the same incredible spirit that is sweeping across our country   and even greater than that great day in November when I won the state of Wisconsin and when we won the presidency. That was a great day.  That was a great day. And thank you, Wisconsin. What a great voice. Thank you very much. Great job. I want to thank everybody. This is the 139th Easter Egg Roll. Think of it   139. It began a long time ago   1878. And we will be stronger and bigger and better as a nation than ever before. We're right on track. You see what's happening, and we're right on track. So thank you, everybody, for being here. Happy Easter. And have a great, great time. Have a great day. Thank you, folks. Thank you very much. I'm coming down. I'm going to be joining you. Thank you very much. My whole family is here. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Sit down, please. Come on, get up here with me, everybody. That is beautiful. I think I should leave it right here, right? It fits so well. Thank you. Thank you very much. I didn’t know I was going to get such a nice   that is fantastic. Thank you, how are you? We're going to go around and introduce ourselves, okay? We'll do this first. You know, these folks back here, they're very famous   most of them   it's called the media.  They're very honorable people. But you are more honorable, I can tell you that. So I'm honored to be here with you today and welcome you to the White House. The heroes who responded to the terrible bridge collapse on I-85 two weeks ago in Atlanta. That was something. The whole world was watching that one. Today we're joined by members of the Georgia State Patrol, the Atlanta Fire Rescue Department, and the Atlanta Police Department   great people. On that day, Georgia State police and Atlanta police took fast action to get motorists away from danger. Then, our brave firefighters battled 40-foot flames, which was incredible. What was the reason for those flames? It was something underneath that just was very combustible? Yeah, those flames were amazing. They pulled back, by battalion chiefs, and just minutes before the bridge itself collapsed and everybody was safe. That was an amazing thing, and everybody was watching. Your skill and courage saved many lives and represented true strength, and the true strength of America. Really great job, fellas. I'm proud of you. Great job. And how tall are you, Joel? That's all? I thought it was much more than that. I think you're taller than that.  Okay, good. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Great, Rodney. Well, thank you very much. So who's the bravest person in this room? That's what I want to know. Raise your hands if you're the bravest person. Huh? Maybe it's      I thought so. I thought so. Go ahead. Elaine, would you like to say something? That's good. I love to hear the words "under budget" and "under schedule," right?  We used to call it "ahead of schedule." Now we say "under schedule." But that will be great. Well, Chief, I have great respect for the people that do what you do. It's amazing bravery. And the speed is incredible. So, again, I want to thank you. And I think what we'll do is, when we're finished here we'll talk, and then, unless you don’t want to do this, but I know you do, we'll go right across the hall to the Oval Office and we'll have some pictures. Is that okay? The Oval Office. It is   believe me, I've been in a lot of good offices.  It is a special office, okay? So we'll go over there, we'll take some pictures, okay? Thank you all very much. It was really another successful job. We're very, very proud of our military. Just like we're proud of the folks in this room, we're so proud of our military. And it was another successful event. Everybody knows exactly what happened. And what I do is I authorize my military. We have the greatest military in the world, and they've done their job as usual. So we have given them total authorization, and that's what they're doing. And, frankly, that's why they've been so successful lately. If you look at what's happened over the last eight weeks and compare that really to what's happened over the last eight years, you'll see there's a tremendous difference   tremendous difference. I don’t know if this sends a message. It doesn’t make any difference if it does or not. North Korea is a problem. The problem will be taken care of. I will say this: I think China has really been working very hard. I have really gotten to like and respect, as you know, President Xi. He's a terrific person. We spent a lot of time together in Florida. And he's a very special man, so we'll see how it goes. I think he's going to try very hard. Thank you all for being here. Very much appreciate it. I want to thank Steve Schwarzman for putting together this very incredible group of world-class business leaders. That's what you are. Also, joining us are Secretary Betsy DeVos, Secretary Wilbur Ross, Secretary Elaine Chao, EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, and my budget director, Mick Mulvaney. That's an easy job. Where's Mick?  Such an easy job. It's the easiest job of anybody in the government   right, Mick? Would you like to say something while all those cameras are running? We will. Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Friends and distinguished guests, welcome to the White House. We are gathered here today for a truly momentous occasion in our democracy   the swearing-in of a United States Supreme Court justice. My fellow Americans: On Tuesday, Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad launched a horrible chemical weapons attack on innocent civilians. Using a deadly nerve agent, Assad choked out the lives of helpless men, women, and children. It was a slow and brutal death for so many. Even beautiful babies were cruelly murdered in this very barbaric attack. No child of God should ever suffer such horror. North Korea and trade. Certainly, I would be. But I think China will want to be stepping up. You’re going to see. We’ll be talking about it. The President just arrived. He just landed in Palm Beach, so I just saw that. I don’t want to mention that, but the answer is no, I haven’t. I’ve shaken them up, and I think we’ve had one of the most successful 13 weeks in the history of Presidents. If you look at all that we’ve done and all of the jobs we’ve created, if you look at the kind of cost-cutting we’ve been able to achieve with the military and at the same time ordering vast amounts of equipment   saved hundreds of millions of dollars on airplanes, and really billions, because if you take that out over a period of years it’s many billions of dollars   I think we’ve had a tremendous success. And we’ve just begun. And we’re going to have a very interesting couple of days. I don’t want to say what I’m going to be doing with respect to Syria. We have been treated unfairly and have made terrible deals   trade deals with China for many, many years. So that’s one of the things we’re going to be talking about. The other thing, of course, is going to be North Korea, and somehow they will mix. They really do mix. So we’re going to be talking about both trade, North Korea, and many other things. No, not at all. No. We have a great person right now in Judge Gorsuch, I mean a great person. And hopefully if there is a second one for me during my administration   and there could be as many as four   in fact, under a certain scenario there could even be more than that   but no, I don’t think the nuclear option has any impact on that at all. He’s a very good person. I just heard that he did. I think he’s a very good person, he’s a very honorable guy. And I think he did that maybe for his own reason. He’s a high-quality person. And the gentleman replacing him, who I don’t know, I hear is a very, very highly respected man, high-quality. With who? What? Nobody shared it with me, that I can tell you     because I haven’t looked. What Assad did is terrible. I think what happened in Syria is one of the truly egregious crimes and it shouldn’t have happened and it shouldn’t be allowed to happen. At some point, I may. I haven’t, but at some point I may. I think what happened in Syria is a disgrace to humanity. And he’s there, and I guess he’s running things, so something should happen. Thank you very much. I want to thank you, Vice President Pence, for your wonderful introduction but maybe more importantly for your incredible service to our country. You have done an incredible job. Thank you very much.  Melania and I are deeply honored to join you all today, and to stand here among real heroes. These are real heroes. I know these people well, you wouldn’t believe it. I know them too well.  I know them too well. They cost me a lot of money.  I spent a lot of money, but I love them, and they’re great, and their people are fantastic. And nobody does it like you people, right? Nobody. We talked about that   incredible. Incredible people. They did a good job. They did a good   those ironworkers, you better believe it. Thank you, Mike. Good morning. Hello, Ivanka. I do. I do. All the killers from New York   I'm looking at all those competitive   those great, great talents, great builders. Oh, she’s tough. Very tough. And we’re getting unbelievable credit for what we’ve done, other than the mainstream media, which just gives us no credit whatsoever. But we are getting tremendous credit. And if you look at the real estate industry, the mining industry, the farming industry   if you look at any of the major industries you see what’s going. Well, I did, I brought you, I brought Gary Cohn, I brought a lot of very great people   my friend, Steve, is helping us out. We have a superstar committee of 22 people. And every time somebody calls me I say, Steve, put them on   no, we want to keep it at this level. The heads of the biggest companies, they all want to be on our committee, right, Stephen? But Steve likes to keep it very small. But they will go off and they’ll disappear and we’ll put others on. But we’ve had some great meetings and we’ve all learned a lot. Sixteen. So it can take anywhere from 10   if you’re really good, 10 years to 20 years. And then they vote, and you lose. They don’t want it.  And it costs sometimes hundreds of millions of dollars just to go through the process. Sure. Hello, Jerry.  He didn’t have to say his name. He was ready to say his name   we know. Jerry Speyer, everybody. That sounds much better. With the deductions, right? Look, I love New York. And in some ways we’re all lucky that I’m from New York,, because New York has unique problems. So does Los Angeles, so does Chicago. There are places that have unique problems. One of the problems that you have is debt and deductibility. That’s a big one, because a lot of the states that don’t have debt or have very little debt Okay, so before you sit, so you’re giving me numbers from New York. You’re a proud New Yorker, but you’re giving me numbers   why is it doing so badly? Tell me. Why are the numbers so horrific in terms of education? And what happens when somebody goes through school and then they can’t read after   they graduate from high school and they can barely read. So what’s the answer? See how quickly she’s changing? See that?  Sure. I know you work very hard on it and you have made progress. Charter schools are another thing that people are talking about a lot, and some of the charter schools in New York have been amazing. They’ve done incredibly well. People can’t get in. I mean, you can’t get in. I don’t call it an experiment anymore, it’s far beyond an experiment. Prior to running again. Yeah, the weather will be beautiful. Thank you, Steve. During the campaign, I traveled the nation and visited the cities and towns devastated by unfair trade policies, probably one of the major reasons I'm here today   trade. Nobody has ever made bad trade deals like our country has made. Thank you. Peter. Mr. Vice President. Thank you, Mike. Thank you, everybody. You're going to see some very, very strong results very, very quickly. Thank you very much. Thank you. We have some really good news today that's really fantastic   these numbers. Today I’m delighted to welcome the National Association of Manufacturers to the White House. It’s a great group of people. I know many of them well. Great job, Jay. That's fantastic. Thank you very much, Jay. That's really nice. Thank you very much. Patricia, would you like to say something? Pretty outstanding what you've done. That's a really great job. You've done a great job. Really great. Well, I love the state of Wisconsin. There was a little bit of an upset. I don't think      I don't think   I thought we were going to do very well there. But people would   they could consider that a slight upset, right? But we don't consider it that. Thank you. Very good. I remember. I did. Thank you. I did. Great job. And you've done a great job. Yes. Great state. Great people. Really. We really opened it up. Nobody thought it would happen that fast. They thought maybe at the end of the four-year term, maybe I'd sign it   no. Nobody thought we were going to go that fast. And the people appreciate it. Have you met these two guys?  That's very good. And you're starting to do really well. That's good. You know our great Vice President. Okay, good. Well, we're not finished yet, Drew. A lot of other things are happening, including   you haven't seen this in 25 years. That's great. Good job. We have a lot of plants going up now in Michigan that were never going to be there if I   if I didn’t win this election, those plants would never even think about going back. They were gone. We're you thinking about getting out? Big progress in Michigan. Very busy. You have to be. Big difference. That industry has changed over the last couple of months   actually, over the last couple of weeks, that industry has changed. A lot of jobs. Nice to have you. It worked out. That was a very good decision. Yes, I am. Thank you very much. What an amazing audience this is.  So many young faces that represent the future of leadership in our country. So true. Melania and I are deeply honored to join you. And, Melania, thank you for being here.  Hello, everybody. Thank you for being here with us this morning. During my campaign, I promised to take action to keep drugs from pouring into our country. And I want to just thank Secretary Kelly; he's done an amazing job. Down 61 percent at the border right now in terms of people and the drugs that are being stopped. It will take longer, and there's great cooperation with Mexico and others. But we're doing a good job. Other than that, he's been great. And he's a very effective guy, I will tell you   to have you working on this   and a great moment, actually, if people remember, was you talking about your friend. That was probably your greatest moment during the campaign for President, and it showed how much you knew about this issue. So, thank you very much, Chris. Oh, they could use you now.  You know, I think you'd make $100 million a year right. I tell you, I watched for many years Mariano. I'd sit with George, and George always felt good when Mariano was   He threw the heaviest pitch any time. I don’t know   you made the ball like   it weighed 30 pounds, right? How about the broken bats?  How many broken bats? Those bats used to crack, right? Thank you. Great honor. Thank you very much. Maybe, Vanessa, you can tell a little bit of your story. We're so proud of you. So this all began very innocently with an injury. And what was it? What was the drug they gave? I see. How hard was that, getting off this horrible stuff? How hard was it for you? And what did your parents say during this whole process? Because I'm looking at you, you're like all-American   perfect. You're a perfect person. And I'm saying it's hard to believe that you're living on the streets. Incredible story. Thank you very much.  Amazing, amazing job. Thank you very much, Vanessa. And we'll talk to you in a little while. Don't do it.  Immediately hooked? Because I hear so much about OxyContin. Were you immediately hooked? Do you have still an alcohol problem? But that was   you could see you were going to have that problem. But you found this OxyContin? But not   not anymore, right? That's an amazing story. How did you get off it? How did you get   did you go to a center or something? Or what happened? And what was that like? So he was right? But you got through it? How long did that take? It was two weeks of   they used to call it cold turkey, right? Do they still do that? No way. So you went through two weeks of that, and that was hell? But then you knew you were going to get better? So he did you a great service when he did that? Smart guy. You have done an amazing job. It’s so great. Not easy. Not easy, right, AJ? But we're very proud of you.  Which is getting worse and worse I hear, Jeff. Getting just out of control. If Carlos stayed longer in the program, would he have been in better shape? Would it have possibly saved him? Or not really? Do you want some water? Are you okay? No, I’m just saying   behind you. I thought she   Thank you, Pam. Carlos sounds like he was a great guy, and I know how tough it is. So many people go through it, and we appreciate you being here. Jeff, do you have anything to say? When did this start again? It’s so bad. When did it start, would you say over the last how many years   where it really took the big spike up? You would know that. When do you think it really started spiking up, Chuck? That's great. So it’s been really   it spiked over the last eight to ten years. Would that have anything to do with the weakening of the borders? Because a lot of it comes from the southern border. Thank you very much, Chuck. Yes, we will. It’s a big issue   very, very big issue. Thank you, thank you. Thank you.  Thank you very much. I guess they like what we're about to sign. I knew they were going to like this one. Well, thank you very much. I very much appreciate it. And thank you to our great Vice President, Mike Pence. Come on, fellas. Basically, you know what this is? You know what it says, right? You’re going back to work. You’re going back to work. Okay.  The press must like you people. Look at all the press. Well, you’re the greatest people. You keep us safe, right? You keep us safe. It’s a tremendous honor to welcome the Fraternal Order of Police to the White House. So many of you I know for so long, and you’ve been friends of mine, and you do a great job. Nobody braver. That was a very, very important thing you did, and, frankly, a very popular thing. So congratulations. That’s terrible.  I have one sitting in my office. He’s the greatest. He’s coming right in. Good. Okay, thank you very much. Thank you, Mike. Thank you very much.  Thank you very much. Nobody ever told me that politics was going to be so much fun.  But we're doing well. It's going very well. Good morning, everybody. Thank you very much. It’s my pleasure to welcome such incredible women, including my daughter     and unbelievable entrepreneurs and small business leaders to the White House. And also, Linda, thank you very much. You've been doing an amazing job   I hear working 24 hours a day is what the word is.  Good. I'm not surprised. I'm not surprised. And I want to thank It's fantastic. Now you're providing hundreds of jobs across our country   thousands of jobs. And you're really an inspiration to everybody   and that's men and women, believe me. A lot of men out there, they're not doing what you're able to do. Great. And you've done a great job. Thank you very much. Lisa. Thank you very much. And I hear that Lisa Phillips has an amazing story to tell.  Can you tell it in front of all these cameras?  I hear that you have one of the really amazing stories to tell. So you want me to ask the press to leave? I will.  Thank you. Great job. You’ve done a fantastic job. Thank you, Lisa. That’s great. Thank you, Lisa. Thank you very much. Great name, actually.  Good job. Great enthusiasm. Good. Thank you. Thank you, Lili, very much. Thank you. You've done a great job. Thank you very much. Linda, would you like to say something? Thank you, Linda. Great job. Thank you. Thanks so very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. That's great. Great. Where are you based? That's wonderful. Great job, thank you. Thanks, Suzie. Thank you very much. That sounds fantastic. Thank you. Oh, the most important   Stay for Jessica. Great job. Great job, Jessica. Thank you. Thank you very much. We were very close, and it was a very, very tight margin. We had no Democrat support. We had no votes from the Democrats. They weren’t going to give us a single vote, so it's a very difficult thing to do. We'll be going right now for tax reform, which we could have done earlier, but this really would have worked out better if we could have had some Democrat support. Remember this: We had no Democrat support. So now we're going to go for tax reform, which I've always liked. Yes, I am. I like Speaker Ryan. He worked very, very hard. A lot of different groups, he's got a lot of factions. And there's been a long history of liking and disliking, even within the Republican Party, long before I got here. But I've had a great relationship with the Republican Party. It seems that both sides like Trump, and that's good. And you see that, I guess, more clearly than anybody. Well, it's going to happen. There's not much you can do about it. It's going to   bad things are going to happen to Obamacare. There's not much you can do to help it. I've been saying that for a year and a half. I said, look, eventually it's not sustainable. The insurance companies are leaving   you know that. They're leaving one by one, as quick as you can leave. And you have states, in some cases, who will not be covered. So there's no way out of that. Well, we were very close. We were just probably anywhere from 10 to 15 votes short. Could have even been closer than that. You'll never know because you'll never know how they vote. But in the end, I think we would have been 10 votes, maybe closer. And it was very hard to get almost 100 percent. You're talking about a very, very large number of votes   among any group. And we were very close to doing it. But when you get no votes from the other side   meaning the Democrats   it's really a difficult situation. No, I think we have to let Obamacare go its way for a little while, and we'll see how things go. I'd love to see it do well, but it can't. I mean, it can't. It's not a question of, gee   I hope it does well. I would love it to do well. I want great healthcare for the people of this nation. But it can't do well. It's imploding, and soon will explode, and it's not going to be pretty. No, I'm not betrayed. They're friends of mine. I'm disappointed because we could have had it. So I'm disappointed. I'm a little surprised, to be honest with you. We really had it. It was pretty much there within grasp. But I'll tell you what's going to come out of it is a better bill   I really believe a better bill. Because there were things in this bill I didn’t particularly love. And I think it's a better bill. Well, I think we could have things that I would have liked more. And if we had bipartisan, I really think we could have a healthcare bill that would be the ultimate. And I think the Democrats know that also. And some day, in the not too-distant future, that will happen. No, I mean, I don’t want to speak about specifics, but there are things I could have   I would have liked even more. But I feel overall this was a very, very good bill. And I thought Tom Price   Dr. Tom Price   who really is amazing on healthcare, his knowledge   I thought he did a fantastic job. Same with Mike Pence. I think these two guys   they worked so hard and really did a fantastic job. Thank you very much. This is a great honor for me. These are very, very brave people standing behind me. And we're here today to mark Medal of Honor Day, and it is my great privilege and high honor to welcome 25 Medal of Honor recipients to our White House. Very special honor, thank you all very much.  I can say officially they are much braver than I am, okay?  Do you agree with that, General? It is the right answer. That is very nice. That is very nice.  I love the Greeks. Oh, do I love the Greeks.  Don’t forget, I come from New York. That's all I see, is Greeks. They are all over the place.  Thank you very much. We greatly appreciate you being here. I’m delighted to welcome Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO of Charter Communications   a great company   to the White House. I'm also very honored that my friend, Texas Governor Greg Abbott   my good friend and supporter   we love you   is here with us today. Very appropriate. He’s done a fantastic job in Texas, and we had a previous governor who did a very good job, right? Right. He’s around here someplace. Standing right over there. I knew you would say that      where they will create 600 new American jobs. Charter’s announcement follows a number of American businesses   from Exxon to Intel to Lockheed to Boeing to many others   that have recently announced billions of dollars in investment and thousands of jobs coming into the United States following my election victory. And by the way, thank you for your support. The Governor was a great supporter   a great supporter. I want to thank you for   you’ve done a fantastic job. That’s great. Thank you very much, Tom. Fantastic job with the company. Unbelievable job. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thanks, Greg. Thank you. Congratulations. Congratulations. Thank you. Well, I’m deeply honored to welcome the members of the Congressional Black Caucus to the White House. We’re going to have a lot of meetings over the years, and I very much appreciate you being here. Well, thank you very much for being here. It’s a great honor, very great honor. I want to thank Vice President Pence, Secretary Tom Price, and Administrator Seema Verma   who’s done an incredible job, by the way   for all of the time and energy they’ve put into repairing and replacing Obamacare ahead of tomorrow’s crucial vote. Big vote tomorrow in the House. Thank you very much. You could probably do   stay for this little while, and then we’ll clear out the room and talk, okay? Go ahead. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. For almost six decades, NASA’s work has inspired millions and millions of Americans to imagine distant worlds and a better future right here on Earth. I'm delighted to sign this bill   it's been a long time since a bill like this has been signed   reaffirming our national commitment to the core mission of NASA: human space exploration, space science and technology. What a great idea. That could be    Thank you very much. Does anybody have anything to say? Ted, do you want to say something? Thank you, Ted. Going to be a good competition. I love that. I love that. Well, that sounds exciting.  First, we want to fix our highways. We’re going to fix our highways. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Well, congratulations, and you’re going an incredible job. And nice to know you. And really, what you’ve done is just amazing. And let’s do that, let’s go for that 5 million. Okay?  Very good. Klaus. Thank you. Thank you, Klaus, very much. Well, I’ve seen your plant in South Carolina. It is incredible. And congratulations, that’s really great. Thank you. I know I shouldn’t have said that.  You know what, if I can, I will do it. I wish I could, but if I can I’ll do it. Absolutely. Thank you very much. Great job. Thank you. Very nice. Thank you very much. Mr. Vice President. Thank you very much, Mike. Appreciate it. Okay, thank you folks. A special group of people. Very special to me, very important. And I want to thank you all for being here and for your work on behalf of our nation’s veterans, our great, great people, our veterans. Thank you. Well, that’s great. And unrelated, we just had a meeting with probably 12 congressmen, and it was an amazing meeting because they were all “nos,” would you say, Mike? They were all “nos” or pretty much “no,” and after 15 minutes   now, in all fairness, not 15 minutes, it was really actually about four or five days, but after 15 minutes, they went from “no” to all “yeses.” So the healthcare looks like it’s going to be in great shape. It’s a great plan. The press doesn’t give it a fair read but I’ve heard that before. What are you going to do   the fake news. I just want to say that these are folks that were either a "no" or a "maybe." And we had a nice meeting, and we've been talking all during the night. This didn’t just happen over the last 20 minutes. This has been going all night long. Thank you very much. It's a great honor. Thank you very much, Speaker Ryan, for that wonderful toast   although I’ve heard better jokes.  And thank you to all of our friends and distinguished members of Congress for joining us here today   a great honor. And a really great honor to be with you, Vice President Pence. You have been terrific.  Thank you very much.  Wow, what a nice visit this was. Inspirational visit, I have to tell you. I’m a fan. I’m a big fan. Thank you very much. It is truly great to be back here in Michigan   great.  And it’s also wonderful to be here with the leaders, workers, engineers and suppliers of Ford, and Fiat-Chrysler, and General Motors, and many others. We have so many leaders that we just met, all of the leaders of the major car companies and really the automobile business. It's a great business, it's a wonderful business, but it's been pretty much hurt here. But it's not going to be hurt for long, that I can tell you.  That I can tell you. Hello, everybody. I’m proud to welcome everyone to our first official Cabinet meeting. Thank you all for being here today. It’s a great honor for you to share your personal stories of struggle under the enormous strain imposed on you by the very, very failed and failing Obamacare law. Secretary Price and I, along with my entire administration, and a lot of people in the Senate and a lot of people in the House are committed to repealing and replacing this disastrous law with a healthcare plan that lowers cost, expands choice, and ensures access for everyone. Thank you. Thank you. I know. Sorry. Don't worry. Don't worry. This is what’s happening. It’s gone up three times, and then you have to pay   if you don’t want to use it, you have to pay. That’s the all-time beauty. If you don’t want to use it, you have to pay. And, Tom, you have to pay big league, right? Some people say, well, if I use it, I use it, I’m paying too much. If I don’t use it, I have to pay a penalty. And do you have to pay penalties? Do you ever do that, or you have to   And it’s gone up triple. And before Obamacare, you actually had good healthcare. A lot of people   nobody ever takes that into account. I’m not saying the system before was good, because it wasn’t, but millions of people had great healthcare that they loved. So it’s been a rough go. How have you found Obamacare? It’s put businesses in financial ruin. It’s one of the biggest costs   it has been disastrous for businesses. Thank you. So your insurance was good before Obamacare. Many people are like that. Many, many plans were great before Obamacare. They were so happy. And that doesn’t justify the system before Obamacare, but people are miserable now, and it’s putting people out of business and it’s putting them in the poorhouse. Very unfair. And you represent a lot of people in the same situation. It’s very unfair. Well, it turns out it's so expensive it’s almost not socialism when you think about it.  You have to pay so much. And a higher deductible. You have a lot of people in Arizona paying a big penalty? You’re paying the penalty? Well, thank you very much. The people of Arizona have been hit very, very hard. At least 116 percent. Here’s the bad news: It’s going to go up more this year. Now, if we repeal it, nobody is going to know that, and the press is going to say how wonderful it was, and, gee, we miss Obamacare. That’s the problem. It’s the biggest problem I have, Tom. We’re going to do them a big favor, but it’s not the right way. Thank you very much, Louis. Good school. Thank you. That’s so nice. Thank you, I appreciate it. Great job. I’ll be in Tennessee on Wednesday. I’ll see you there. So you’ve seen a big problem, and the way out of the problem is to do a plan much more like the plan we’re going to get done. We’ll get that out   without penalties too, by the way. People don’t mention all of the facts. Good. Will you be able to continue, in the years to come, if you have to keep going like this? You know what that means? That means somebody is going to make a lot of money. You know that. They’re going to make a lot of money.  Somebody is going to   well, a few. You’re not going to make it. They’re going to make it. There are people very happy about this situation. Well, I appreciate. Thank you, Joel. And do they even reach it with the high deductibles? They don’t even reach it for the most part. Well, I appreciate it, doctor. Thank you. Say hello to your wife. Very nice. Thank you. So the healthcare is   the Obamacare forced you to actually   in a sense, forces you, economically and almost potentially, to get another job. Even though you like your job. Meaning the deductible was so high that, essentially, unless you had a really big problem, you wouldn’t even be able to use it. It's really not having insurance at all. A lot of Obamacare, you don’t really have insurance because the deductibles are so high that you really don’t have insurance, if you think about it. Yes, sir. What do you have there? I wished I looked that good.   That's very nice. Thank you. Thank you. I wish I looked that good. As you know, that's what we're doing largely, but we also have to take care of people that can't afford to be in a position like you are. So we're going to do that. Largely, I think beyond everything, if you look at what's going to happen   the competitive bidding   every element of what we're doing is competitive bidding, but we have to take care of people who need the help. And there are a lot of people like that. We’re going to help a lot of people, but we are going to be very much free market people. They can afford   and they'll be off the cost. Other than that, you like him a lot, right?  So it's gone through the roof. That's interesting. Tom, could you answer that? That would be interesting. Nucor has been very good. It’s going to get better, too. Those days are gone, but they're coming back. Well, Gary Cohn, who is sitting right next to you, he’s a big believer in what you're saying   right, Gary? Good. Thank you, Stan. Would you have anything to say, Tom, generally speaking? What about the concept that   and everybody knows it’s happening   that Obamacare is imploding, that if we don't do anything, it’s not even going to be around in another year? The insurance companies are fleeing. But now it seems to be getting this wonderful press like it’s a wonderful thing, and it’s a horrible thing actually, and getting worse. And ’17 will be, by far, the worst year so far. Because a lot of things were put into ’17. But ’17 is going to be worse, and I assume ’18 will be worse even than ’17. So it’s essentially gone. How do you respond to that? Because I’ve been telling you, "Why don't we wait? Just let it implode, and let’s not take the blame." I’ve been telling you that as an option. It’s not an option I like, frankly, but it’s certainly an option. How do you respond to that? Well, I’m not saying that. I’m saying, if we don't implement the law, what happens with Obamacare? What’s going on with Obamacare? Getting insurance but not being able to use it because the deductibles are so high. And you hear these stories where they're paying a fortune for insurance, and then you hear how high their deductible is. And unless they have a tragedy in their family, they're never going to be able to use it. Well, keep working it. He’s been working very hard, and he’s doing a great job. Thank you, Mike. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. It will get better. If we're allowed to do what we want to do, it will get better   much better. Hopefully it will get very good. It takes a period of time. Thank you, press. Today we're beginning the process of a long-overdue reorganization of our federal departments and agencies. Hello, everybody. I want to thank each of the House committee leaders for being with us today. Your devotion and leadership has been amazing, and I want to just applaud you and the diligent work of your committees to advance the Obamacare repeal-and-replacement legislation that we’ve been talking about for a long time, and that we’ve been running with and I ran with, and I can tell you. And that’s what people want, they want repeal-and-replace. The bill passed just now through Ways and Means, and it will   I think the committee just voted recently, right? Your other committee   Energy and Commerce. And it was a very good vote, and congratulations. That was a good job. Amazing. Thank you, everybody, very much. Good morning and I greatly appreciate you being here. We have some real experts with us and we have some great bankers with us. Great. Very good. Good. Thanks, Scott. Good, thank you. Good. Thank you. Thank you, everybody, and Mike Pence is going to be here in a few minutes. We miss Mike when he's not around.  We're witnessing a renewal of the American spirit, a surge of optimism and a new national pride, which is sweeping across the land. I see it   there's such spirit, whether it's for the business things we're doing or whatever. It's such spirit that we haven't seen in the country in a long time. Jobs are pouring back here. You saw what happened with Exxon, where they just announced a massive job program. So we're going to have some fun. Well, thank you very much, Steve. And again, we're going to work quickly. It’s a great bill. We're going to have   I really believe we're going to have tremendous support. I’m already seeing the support   not only in this room, I’m seeing it from everybody. And I’m seeing it from the public. And they want Obamacare over. You're going to do a fantastic job. Denisha Merriweather is with us today and you were so wonderful the other night. That was quite a night. I will say that, Denisha. I was honored that Denisha joined Melania and myself as our guest to my address to Congress. Denisha is the first in her family to graduate high school and college, and is about to complete her master's degree in social work, right?  And Denisha, we want millions more to have the same chance to achieve the great success that you're achieving right now. And you think that can be done, I'll bet, right? Look at that.  Her eyes light up. And that's good news. So I want to thank all of the parents and teachers and students at St. Andrews and all of the graduates that are with us today. It's a special place. It's also a special state. Florida, to me, is a very, very special, special state. I mean, I know those people back there   they know why I like it so much. We've had a lot of success in Florida and I love it. It's my second home. I'm here all the time. We have the Southern White House in Florida.  And we get a lot of work done   believe me, there's not rest at the Southern White House   it's all work. And we love this state. And we love this state, the way it's managed between Marco and Rick and some of the others. They're doing a great job and we appreciate it very much. And thank you. And thank you very much.  Thank you. Thank you very much. What an honor. They just gave me this beautiful jacket. They said, here, Mr. President, please take this home. I said, let me wear it.  And then they gave me the beautiful hat, and I said, you know, maybe I'll do that. We have a great "Make America Great Again" hat, but I said, this is a special day, we're wearing this. Right?  I have no idea how it looks, but I think it looks good. It's a great-looking hat   just like this is a great-looking ship.  I agree, I agree.  Thank you very much. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Vice President, members of Congress, the First Lady of the United States      and citizens of America: So this is Historically Black Colleges and Universities executive order. Very important to all of us. This group has been fantastic, and many of which we were with yesterday and really developed something very special. So thank you. Thank you all for being here. Thank you, Mr. Vice President, also   Mike, for being here. Well, thank you, everybody. We appreciate you being here. Thank you very much. First of all, I want to congratulate Scott Pruitt, who's here someplace. Where's Scott?  So important. We're going to free up our country, and it's going be done in a very environmental and positive environmental way, I will tell you that, but create millions of jobs. So many jobs are delayed for so many years, and it's unfair to everybody. So I want congratulate Scott. Thank you all very much. I appreciate you being here. We have a number of bills that we're signing and things that we're doing today. It's a busy day. And then I guess tonight will be a rather busy night. We look forward to it. We look forward to it. It really makes no difference. But this is the second bill that was signed, and that's the H.R. 321, the INSPIRE Women Act. It ensures that the existing NASA programs recruit women to STEM-related jobs and aerospace careers. Great news. Really the way to go. Very heavy into the whole NASA situation. So women will be a big, big part of it. Thank you very much.  That is pretty good, I'll tell you. Coming from governors, I can't really   I can't even believe it. That's so impressive. And I very much appreciate you being here. And thank you to Vice President Pence. He has been so wonderful to work with. He's a real talent, a real guy. And he is central casting, do we agree? Central casting. He's been great.  How the hell did you do that?  Boy, oh boy. He must be good. You were the one. One hundred to zero, wow. Chose you   hey, we can do it. But we do   we have still quite a few Cabinet members, and they're just in limbo waiting and waiting. It’s like obstruction. It’s obstruction. But eventually we'll get them, and they'll put their people in, and we’ll get those agencies, et cetera, to work. You are the big ones. You are the biggest of the big, right?  That’s very impressive. Thank you for being here. We just had a great meeting with the governors on the horrible effects that Obamacare is having. We’re going to change it and straighten it out, and make   we have a plan that’s going to be, I think, fantastic. It will be released fairly soon. We’ll be talking about it tomorrow night during the speech. But I think it’s going to be something special, and we’ll talk it about right here. I think we’ll get you on, and I think you’re going to like what you hear. That's great, Brad. Great job. Aetna   good one. Great. Great. Good, thank you very much. 108 million, that's a pretty big deal, right? Pretty big. We had to step in. It was going to be an implosion. We had to step in. Thank you for saying that. Thank you, Bernard. Well, thank you very much. And the market, as you know, and we talk about stabilizing the market   the market is disastrous. It’s going to absolutely implode. That's why we're meeting today. And I think we're going to come up with something where not only will the market be great, but the people are going to be taken care of. So we will work that out I think quite easily, actually. Thank you very much, everybody. I want to just congratulate the First Lady on having done a really beautiful job. The room, they say, has never looked better, but who knows. I’m sure it’s looked very good many times. So, Melania, congratulations.  Thank you, everybody. So great to be with you. Thank you.  I love this place. Love you people.  So thank you. Thank you very much. So   sit down.  Donald Trump did not get a standing ovation. They leave out the part, they never sat down. They leave that out. So I just want to thank   but you know, my first major speech was at CPAC. And probably five or six years ago   first major political speech. And you were there. The pundits   you’re right. They had an idea. The pundits didn't think we would win. The consultants that suck up all that money. Oh, they suck it up, they’re so good.  They’re not good at politics, but they’re really good at sucking up people’s money. Especially my opponent’s, because I kept them down to a minimum. But the consultants didn’t think we would win. But they all underestimated the power of the people   you. And the people proved them totally wrong. Never   and this is so true, and this is what’s been happening   never underestimate the people. Never. I don’t think it will ever happen again. Oh, we’re going to build the wall, don’t worry about it. We’re building the wall. We’re building the wall. In fact, it’s going to start soon, way ahead of schedule, way ahead of schedule.  Way, way, way ahead of schedule. It’s going to start very soon. General Kelly, by the way, has done a fantastic job. Fantastic job he’s done.  But we’re taking a firm, bold and decisive measure   we have to   to turn things around. The era of empty talk is over. It’s over.  Now is the time for action. So let me tell you about the actions that we’re taking right now to deliver on our promise to the American people, and on my promise to make America great again.   and, I believe, killed. Seven people. Seven people. Chicago, a great American city. Seven people shot and killed. Well, they came also from campaign contributions, I must be honest with you. They’re not as stupid as you think.  Who would have thought that a word was going to play so badly. That’s the problem in politics. One wrong word and it’s over. She also said irredeemable, but we won’t mention that. There is one allegiance that unites us all, and that is to America. America   it’s the allegiance to America. Thank you all very much for being here. We have tremendous people standing behind me, and the biggest in the world in terms of manufacturing and business. Some of the people involved are Ken Fisher and Ken Frazier, Chairman and President, CEO of Merck. Alex Gorsky, Chairman, CEO of Johnson and Johnson. Marillyn Hewson   and she has been very tough to deal with but that’s okay      she’s a very tough negotiator, President of Lockheed Martin. Gregory Hayes, Chairman and CEO, United Technology. Andrew Liveris, my friend Andrew, Chairman and CEO of Dow Chemical Company. Mario Longhi, the President, CEO, United States Steel Corporation. Juan Luciano, Chairman, President, CEO of Archer Daniels Midland Company. Denise Morrison, President of Campbell’s Soup Company. Lee Styslinger III, Chairman and CEO of Altec, Inc. Mark Sutton, Chairman, CEO of International Paper. And Inge Thulin, Chairman, President of 3M Company. Reducing wages and raising prices. I’ve listened to American companies and American workers. I’ve been listening to them for a long time. I’ve been listening to them complain for a long time. But today, this executive order directs each agency to establish a regulatory reform task force, which will ensure that every agency has a team of dedicated   and a real team of dedicated people to research all regulations that are unnecessary, burdensome and harmful to the economy, and therefore harmful to the creation of jobs and business. Really a fantastic job you’ve done. Should I give this pen to Andrew? Dow Chemical.  I think maybe, right?  That means a lot of jobs. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody, very nice. Nice to see you. Well, I want to thank Dina and Ivanka and everybody for working so hard to set this up. It's been so important to them, and I want to make it clear today that my administration will focus on ending the absolutely horrific practice of human trafficking. And I am prepared to bring the full force and weight of our government to the federal and at the federal level, and the other highest levels, whatever we can do, in order to solve this horrific problem. It's getting worse and it's happening in the United States in addition to the rest of the world, but it's happening in the United States, which is terrible. Well, thank you very much. It's a great honor to have everybody. And some of the great people in the world of business, many of you I know   many of you I know from reading all of our wonderful magazines and business magazines, in particular. So it's an honor to have you with us today. It was one of those things. That’s right.  Good soup. Did you bring any more of those jobs back from Carrier?  But one thing he did   you know, I told   I said, you were given so much credit for that, and I heard, two days ago, that you’re selling far more Carrier air conditioners than you thought, just as a patriotic move. People are buying Carrier because of what you did   bringing the jobs back to Indiana. Right? So, I said that. I thought that was going to happen. Good. Thank you. I love those D10s.  I even like the D12. Are they still doing the D12? Because the D12, I’m waiting for, you know. That’s going to be bigger than anything ever in history, right? But there’s nothing like what you do. The Caterpillars are the best. And when we raise the dollar, and we let other people manipulate their currencies, it’s the one thing that stops you, Doug   right? Right, technology. No, but we have to give you a level playing field. We have to let other countries give you a level playing field. So, what a great company. I love Caterpillar. I’ve been driving them for a long time. Okay, good. I might do that soon. Go ahead. And you’re going to be doing pipelines now. You know that, right? We put you heavy into the pipeline business because we approved, as you know, the Keystone Pipeline and Dakota. But they have to buy   meaning, steel, so I’ll say U.S. Steel   but steel made in this country and pipelines made in this country. So the pipe is coming from the U.S. Good. I’ll do it. I’ll be out there. Yep, good. Good. Well, thank you, and thank you for what we did. Lot 10, we call it. Lot 10   90 planes. It was 90 planes out of 3,000, but it was not doing so well, and now it’s doing great. Right? Okay, good. Good. Very good. Thank you, Marillyn. Good. Hi, Jeff. Jeff actually watched me make a hole-in-one, can you believe that? Should you tell that story? Crazy. It’s so crazy that   no, I actually said I was the best golfer of all the rich people      to be exact. And then I got a hole-in-one. So, it was sort of cool. Thank you. Thank you very much. Absolutely. Thank you. Great. Great. Bob Craft is a big fan of yours. You know, that right? Yes, I know. Good. We will. And I want to thank you for your help. You’ve been great. Thank you, Andrew, very much. Thank you. Reed, thank you also. Thank you. Say it again, please. Yes. Great company. Hi, Michael. Nice to see you. Great. Great. Great companies. Thank you all. This will be somewhat of an informal meeting. I want to congratulate Mick Mulvaney, who’s been confirmed finally   we waited a long time   by the Senate. And he’s going to be an absolutely great director. Total confidence in Mick. Known him for a long time. He loves those budgets. Thank you very much, everybody. It's a great honor to be here. This was some beautiful morning and what a job they've done, like few others have been able to do. Come up here for a second. I have been watching you for so long, and you are so incredible. And I wanted to thank you for all the nice things you say about me. Not everybody says nice things, but she’s special. Thank you. Come here. Thank you, darling. Appreciate it. So I just wanted to announce   we've been working all weekend very diligently, very hard   that General H.R. McMaster will become the National Security Advisor. He's a man of tremendous talent and tremendous experience. I watched and read a lot over the last two days. He is highly respected by everybody in the military. And we're very honored to have him. He also has also known for a long time General Keith Kellogg, who I also have gotten to know and he's a terrific man, and they're going to be working together. And Keith is going to be Chief of Staff, and I think that combination is something very, very special. You're going to do a great job. General. And so are you. Thank you very much. What a privilege. This is a great team. We're very, very honored. Our country is lucky to have two people like this. And, frankly, after having met so many of the people in the military, we're lucky to have all of them. He did. He did. Thank you, Dennis. And I have to say, I love South Carolina. I love it.  Since November, jobs have already begun to surge. We’re seeing companies open up factories in America. We’re seeing them keep jobs at home. Ford, General Motors, Fiat-Chrysler   just to name a very, very few. So many more already. They are keeping and bringing thousands of jobs back in country because the business climate, they know, has already changed. Okay. We had an exciting news conference before. And some people loved it. I think nobody hated it, but it was   I think it was very productive. And thank you all for being there, that was very nice. And thank you, all of the wonderful politicians, but   right, Mitch, especially the miners that are with us, right? So I just want to thank you. Seriously.  We appreciate it. We appreciate it very much. Thank you very much. How did I do in that area? Good. Good. Say something. You’re a   you represent. Thank you.  Anybody else? Come on. Sure. Absolutely. You deserve it. You deserve it. Come on up. It’s a great honor.  North Dakota. Ohio. You’re right about that. They have been fantastic. Everybody’s been   actually, everybody’s been great, and we appreciate it very much. Special people. Special workers. We’re bringing it back, and we’re bringing it back fast. We didn’t have to wait a long period of time. It’s been very few days since I’ve been here, and I think this is long ahead of schedule, right? Wouldn’t you say even   Even you might say      this is about four years faster than they thought would have happened. So it’s my honor. And, fellas, go back to work, all right? I think we’ll take them into the Oval Office, right? Let’s take them into the Oval Office. Let’s have a little tour, okay? They’ve probably been there many times before.  Come on. Come with me. Good. Oh.  I could have gotten away with it. Thank you very much. I just wanted to begin by mentioning that the nominee for Secretary of the Department of Labor will be Mr. Alex Acosta. He has a law degree from Harvard Law School, was a great student. Former clerk for Justice Samuel Alito. And he has had a tremendous career. He's a member, and has been a member, of the National Labor Relations Board, and has been through Senate confirmation three times, confirmed   did very, very well. And so Alex, I've wished him the best. We just spoke. And he's going to be   I think he'll be a tremendous Secretary of Labor. Mike Flynn is a fine person, and I asked for his resignation. He respectfully gave it. He is a man who   there was a certain amount of information given to Vice President Pence, who is with us today. And I was not happy with the way that information was given. Because when I looked at the information, I said, I don’t think he did anything wrong. If anything, he did something right. He was coming into office, he looked at the information. He said, huh, that’s fine, that’s what they’re supposed to do. They’re supposed to be   and he didn’t just call Russia. He called and spoke to, both ways   I think there were 30-some-odd countries. He’s doing the job. Well, the failing New York Times wrote a big, long front-page story yesterday. And it was very much discredited, as you know. It was   it’s a joke. And the people mentioned in the story   I notice they were on television today saying they never even spoke to Russia. They weren’t even a part, really   I mean, they were such a minor part   I hadn’t spoken to them. I think the one person, I don’t think I’ve ever spoken to him. I don’t think I’ve ever met him. And he actually said he was a very low-level member of, I think, a committee for a short period of time. I don’t think I ever met him. Now, it’s possible that I walked into a room and he was sitting there, but I don’t think I ever met him. I didn’t talk to him, ever. And he thought it was a joke. You okay? Well, I’m talking about Republican. Yes. Well, no, I was told   I was given that information. I don't know. I was just given. We had a very, very big margin. Well, I don't know. I was given that information. I was given   actually, I’ve seen that information around. But it was a very substantial victory. Do you agree with that? Okay, thank you. That's a good answer. Yes. We are. Well, first of all, about that, we now have Dan Coats, hopefully soon Mike Pompeo and James Comey, and they're in position. So I hope that we’ll be able to straighten that out without using anybody else. The gentleman you mentioned is a very talented man, very successful man. And he has offered his services, and it’s something we may take advantage of. But I don't think we’ll need that at all because of the fact that I think that we're going to be able to straighten it out very easily on its own. Go ahead, finish off, then I'll get you, Jon. Yes, we're looking at it very, very seriously. I've gone to all of the folks in charge of the various agencies, and we're   I've actually called the Justice Department to look into the leaks. Those are criminal leaks. They're put out by people either in agencies. I think you'll see it stopping because now we have our people in. You know, again, we don't have our people in because we can't get them approved by the Senate. We just had Jeff Sessions approved in Justice, as an example. So we are looking into that very seriously. It's a criminal act. Well, the leaks are real. You're the one that wrote about them and reported them. I mean, the leaks are real. You know what they said   you saw it. And the leaks are absolutely real. The news is fake because so much of the news is fake. Well, I had nothing to do with it. I have nothing to do with Russia. I told you, I have no deals there. I have no anything. Sure. No, I didn’t. No, I didn’t. No, I didn’t. Excuse me   no, I fired him because of what he said to Mike Pence, very simple. Mike was doing his job. He was calling countries and his counterparts. So it certainly would have been okay with me if he did it. I would have directed him to do it if I thought he wasn’t doing it. I didn’t direct him but I would have directed him because that’s his job. Okay. Well, ask Jeff Zucker how he got his job, okay? Well, not too many. We do have other people. You do have other people, and your ratings aren’t as good as some of the other people that are waiting. Okay. Go ahead, Jim. I was okay with it. Well, she was actually missing 33,000, and then that got extended with a whole pile after that, but that’s okay. No, no, but I did say 30,000, but it was actually higher than that. Okay, fair question. Ready? No, no, but are you   let me do one at a time. Do you mind? All right. So in one case you’re talking about highly classified information. In the other case you’re talking about John Podesta saying bad things about the boss. I will say this: If John Podesta said that about me and he was working for me, I would have fired him so fast your head would have spun. He said terrible things about her. But it wasn’t classified information. Well, the reporting is fake. Look, look   Jim, you know what it is? Here’s the thing. The public isn’t   they read newspapers, they see television, they watch. They don't know if it’s true or false because they're not involved. I’m involved. I’ve been involved with this stuff all my life. But I’m involved. So I know when you're telling the truth or when you're not. Well, you look at your show that goes on at 10 o’clock in the evening. You just take a look at that show. That is a constant hit. The panel is almost always exclusive anti-Trump. The good news is he doesn't have good ratings. But the panel is almost exclusive anti-Trump. And the hatred and venom coming from his mouth, the hatred coming from other people on your network. No, that's how I won. I won with news conferences and probably speeches. I certainly didn't win by people listening to you people, that's for sure. Go ahead. Should I let him have a little bit more? What do you think, Peter? Peter, should I have let him have a little bit more? Sit down. Sit down. We’ll get it. I’m changing it from fake news, though. Very fake news now.  Yes, go ahead. And you're not related to our new   I looked   you know, I looked at that name. I said, wait a minute, is there any relation there? Alex Acosta. No, I checked it. I said   they said, no, sir. I said, do me a favor, go back and check the family tree. I do that. No, I do that. No, no, I do that. Here’s the thing. Okay, I understand   and you're right about that except this. See, I know when I should get good and when I should get bad. And sometimes I’ll say, wow, that's going to be a great story, and I’ll get killed. I know what’s good and bad. I’d be a pretty good reporter   not as good as you. But I know what’s good. I know what’s bad. I think they don't believe it. I don't think the public would. That's why the Rasmussen poll just has me through the roof. I don't think they believe it. Well, I guess one of the reasons I'm here today is to tell you the whole Russian thing   that's a ruse. That's a ruse. And, by the way, it would be great if we could get along with Russia, just so you understand that. Now, tomorrow you'll say, Donald Trump wants to get along with Russia, this is terrible. It's not terrible   it's good. Tax reform is going to happen fairly quickly. We're doing Obamacare   we're in final stages. We should be submitting the initial plan in March, early March, I would say. And we have to, as you know, statutorily and for reasons of budget, we have to go first. It's not like   frankly, the tax would be easier, in my opinion, but for statutory reasons and for budgetary reasons, we have to submit the health care sooner. So we'll be submitting health care sometime in early March, mid-March. And after that, we're going to come up   and we're doing very well on tax reform. Okay. Not good. Not good. Not good. Excuse me, excuse me, when did it happen? It happened when   if you were Putin right now, you would say, hey, we're back to the old games with the United States. There's no way Trump can ever do a deal with us because the   you have to understand, if I was just brutal on Russia right now, just brutal, people would say, you would say, oh, isn't that wonderful. But I know you well enough. Then you would say, oh, he was too tough, he shouldn't have done that. Look, of all   Wait a minute. Wait, wait. Excuse me just one second. All of those things that you mentioned are very recent, because probably Putin assumes that he's not going to be able to make a deal with me because it's politically not popular for me to make a deal. So Hillary Clinton tries to reset, it failed. They all tried. But I'm different than those people. Just the way I said it. I have. I have. And I'm so beautifully represented. I'm so honored that the Senate approved him. He's going to be fantastic. No, I don't think so. I think Putin probably assumes that he can't make a deal with me anymore because politically it would be unpopular for a politician to make a deal. I can't believe I'm saying I'm a politician, but I guess that's what I am now. Because, look, it would be much easier for me to be tough on Russia, but then we're not going to make a deal. Who did I say is not good? No, it's not good, but they happened. They all happened recently, and I understand what they’re doing, because they’re doing the same thing. Now, again, maybe I’m not going to be able to do a deal with Russia, but at least I will have tried. And if I don’t, does anybody really think that Hillary Clinton would be tougher on Russia than Donald Trump? Does anybody in this room really believe that? Okay. I’m not going to tell you anything about what response I do. I don’t talk about military response. I don’t say I’m going into Mosul in four months. "We are going to attack Mosul in four months." Then three months later: "We are going to attack Mosul in one month." "Next week, we are going to attack Mosul." In the meantime, Mosul is very, very difficult. Do you know why? Because I don’t talk about military, and I don’t talk about certain other things. You’re going to be surprised to hear that. And, by the way, my whole campaign, I’d say that. So I don’t have to tell you   I don’t want to be one of these guys that say, “Yes, here’s what we’re going to do.” I don’t have to do that. I don’t have to tell you what I’m going to do in North Korea. Wait a minute. I don’t have to tell you what I’m going to do in North Korea. And I don’t have to tell you what I’m going to do with Iran. You know why? Because they shouldn’t know. And eventually you guys are going to get tired of asking that question. So when you ask me, what am I going to do with the ship   the Russian ship, as an example   I’m not going to tell you. But hopefully, I won’t have to do anything. But I’m not going to tell you. Okay. Where are you from? Okay. Here’s another beauty. Yeah, sure. Just like CNN, right? Yeah, I do. I do. And let me tell you about the travel   Wait, wait, wait. I know who you are. Just wait. Let me tell you about the travel ban. We had a very smooth rollout of the travel ban, but we had a bad court. We got a bad decision. We had a court that’s been overturned   again, maybe wrong, but I think it’s 80 percent of the time. A lot. We had a bad decision. We’re going to keep going with that decision. We’re going to put in a new executive order next week sometime. But we had a bad decision. That’s the only thing that was wrong with the travel ban. Yes, go ahead. Well, I told you, General Flynn obviously was dealing. So that’s one person. But he was dealing   as he should have been   No, no, nobody that I know of. Look, look, how many times do I have to answer this question? Russia is a ruse. Yeah, I know you have to get up and ask a question, so important. Russia is a ruse. I have nothing to do with Russia, haven’t made a phone call to Russia in years. Don’t speak to people from Russia. Not that I wouldn’t, I just have nobody to speak to. I spoke to Putin twice. He called me on the election   I told you this   and he called me on the inauguration, and a few days ago. We had a very good talk, especially the second one   lasted for a pretty long period of time. I’m sure you probably get it because it was classified, so I’m sure everybody in this room perhaps has it. But we had a very, very good talk. I have nothing to do with Russia. To the best of my knowledge, no person that I deal with does. I have   you know what, he said no. I can only tell you what he   now, he was replaced long before the election. You know that, right? He was replaced long before the election. When all of this stuff started coming out, it came out during the election. But Paul Manafort, who’s a good man also, by the way   Paul Manafort was replaced long before the election took place. He was only there for a short period of time. Wait, let’s see, who’s   I want to find a friendly reporter. Are you a friendly reporter? Watch how friendly he is. Wait, wait   watch how friendly he is. Go ahead. Go ahead. Thank you. You see, he said he was going to ask a very simple, easy question. And it’s not. It’s not. Not a simple question, not a fair question. Okay, sit down. I understand the rest of your question. Quiet, quiet, quiet. See, he lied about   he was going to get up and ask a very straight, simple question. So you know, welcome to the world of the media. But let me just tell you something   that I hate the charge. I find it repulsive. I hate even the question because people that know me   and you heard the Prime Minister, you heard Netanyahu yesterday   did you hear him, Bibi? He said, I’ve known Donald Trump for a long time, and then he said, forget it. See, it just shows you about the press, but that’s the way the press is. Good. It’s a very fair question. We’re going to show great heart. DACA is a very, very difficult subject for me, I will tell you. To me, it’s one of the most difficult subjects I have, because you have these incredible kids, in many cases   not in all cases. In some of the cases they’re having DACA and they’re gang members and they’re drug dealers too. But you have some absolutely incredible kids   I would say mostly   they were brought here in such a way   it's a very, very tough subject. Yes. Now, that's what I call a nice question. That is very nice. Who are you with? Good. I'm going to start watching. Thank you very much. Yes. Oh, this is going to be a bad question but that's okay. Good, because I enjoy watching you on television. Fix the inner cities, yes. That was very professional and very good. We'll be announcing the order in a little while, and I'd rather let the order speak for itself. But it will be something I think that will be very good for everybody concerned. But we'll talk to you about that after we do the announcement. Am I going include who? Well, I would. I tell you what, do you want to set up the meeting? Do you want to set up the meeting? Are they friends of yours? No, go ahead, set up the meeting. Let’s go set up a meeting. I would love to meet with the Black Caucus. I think it’s great   the Congressional Black Caucus. I think it’s great. I actually thought I had a meeting with Congressman Cummings, and he was all excited, and then he said, oh, I can’t move, it might be bad for me politically, I can’t have that meeting. I was all set to have the meeting. You know, we called him and called him, and he was all set. I spoke to him on the phone. Very nice guy. He wanted it. But we called, called, called, called   they can’t make a meeting with him. Every day, I walked in, I said, I would like to meet with him. Because I do want to solve the problem. But he probably was told by Schumer or somebody like that   some other lightweight   he was probably told   he was probably told, don’t meet with Trump, it’s bad politics. And that’s part of the problem of this country. No, no. One question. Two, we can’t handle. This room can’t handle two. Go ahead, give me the better of your two. And some of it   and can I be honest with you? And this has to do with racism and horrible things that are put up. Some of it written by our opponents. You do know that. Do you understand that? You don’t think anybody would do a thing like that. Some of the signs you’ll see are not put up by the people that love or like Donald Trump, they’re put up by the other side, and you think it’s like playing it straight. No. But you have some of those signs, and some of that anger is caused by the other side. They’ll do signs and they’ll do drawings that are inappropriate. It won’t be my people. It will be the people on the other side to anger people like you. Okay. Who is that? Where is that? Oh, stand up. You can   Oh, I’m working on it. No, I’m working on it very hard. No, no, look. Hey, just so you understand, we had a totally divided country for eight years, and long before that, in all fairness to President Obama. Long before President Obama, we have had a very divided. I didn’t come along and divide this country. This country was seriously divided before I got here. Thank you all for being here. I had a lot of good discussions this morning. I'm negotiating a lot of contracts that are saving billions and billions of dollars for the American people and for all of us, and I'm very proud of it. These are real friends. Thank you. That’s right. That’s right. We’re going to give you some money for transportation. That’s good. Good territory. That’s right. Thank you. Thank you. Uh oh.  I think this is great. That’s beautiful. Thank you. He’s a talented guy, I can see that. It's nice. Right. Thank you very much.  Okay. All right. Thank them for me. Thank them for me. Rick, we know who you are. We’re going to get it done. And the health care is going really well. And now that we finally have Tom, Tom Price   so that’s a big thing. I mean, we couldn’t get him. I know, Mike. We did okay. We took an area that wasn’t a big Republican area, and we swamped them, right?  Wow. Well, thank you very much. He’s a great guy. He played well, I'll tell you. And you know, we played with Ernie Els. I called up Billy   I said, see if you can get me somebody good to play with; I have the Prime Minister of Japan who wants to play golf. So we get to the front of the club, and Ernie Els is waiting for us. He said, when you're ready. So we had a good time. Well, we had a good feeling. Well, I always said about President Obama, it’s great to play golf, but play golf with heads of countries. And, by the way, people like yourself, when you're looking for votes, don't play with your friends who you play with every week.  Does that make sense? I hit it off with the Prime Minister. He is a fabulous guy. He’s   loves his country. And we spoke all day long and well into the night. As you know, they launched a missile in North Korea, and we were discussing that. So it was really something. And give him my regards. He was. They're all good. Right. She’s fought hard. She’s fought hard. Yes. You know what, if you would, Billy, why don't you give me that request? And we’ll see if we can do that. Marsha. We're going to get it. Thank you very much, everybody. I’ll see you at 12 o’clock if you want. If you don't want, don't be there.  If you don't show up, I won’t be offended.  We're going to find the leakers. We're going to find the leakers. They're going to pay a big price for leaking. It’s all about the leakers. You know the Russians are just a muse   it’s all about the leakers. So it's nice to see we have some great retailers here today and we're going to go around the room and we'll all introduce ourselves. Some of you I've read about on the covers of business magazines and it's great to have you here. Thank you very much. It is number one. Good. Very good. Good. Great store. Good. The Tar-get   right?  Yes. I read a good report on you.  Good job. So maybe we go around the room a little bit. I guess we can let the press go now, right? Do you suggest that? Go ahead. Thank you all very much. Well, thank you very much. This is a big signing, a very important signing. And this is H.J. Resolution 41, disapproving the Securities and Exchange Commission's rule on disclosure of payments by resource extraction issuers. It's a big deal. And I want to thank Speaker Paul Ryan for being here. He's been tremendous. Jeb Hensarling very, very important and really worked hard. Representative Bill Huizenga and all of the friends   Peter   all of my friends are up here. And we really appreciate it. Bill Huizenga. I'll sign it   we may have to give him the pen. Congratulations. Great job. You've done a fantastic job. A lot of people going back to work now.  He's working on Obamacare   it's going to be very soon. Right? Thank you all very much. Well, I am delighted to welcome everybody to the White House. And Betsy DeVos, who has gone through   our new Education Secretary   she went through an interesting moment. And you're going to do a fantastic job, and I know you would have done it again if you had to do it again, right?  She had no doubt that final night, waiting for the vote. So I just want to congratulate you. You showed toughness and genius. Perhaps we’ll go around the room. And everybody knows our fantastic Vice President, Mike Pence. But if we went around the room, it would be very nice. So why don’t we start? Betsy, you might want to say a few words to us. It’s our honor   believe me, Betsy. Great. Good. Good. Very good. You think, huh?  I like that. Really? Is that right? Wow. Very good. Big difference. Okay. Very good. Thank you. How is that going? Have you seen an increase in the autism with the children? So what’s going on with autism? When you look at the tremendous increases, really, it’s such an incredible   it’s like really a horrible thing to watch, the tremendous amount of increase. Do you have any idea? And you’re seeing it in the school? And now it’s going to be even lower     which is just amazing. Well, maybe we can do something. Very good. Thank you. Fantastic. Thank you. So thank you all very much. Let’s get going. It is my great honor tonight to present to the American people our new Treasury Secretary of the United States, Steven Mnuchin. Thank you all for coming. We had a couple of great meetings this morning   the airline industry, we're going to get that one going. They've got a lot of problems but it's going to be good. We just had talks with Qatar and a couple of countries   Afghanistan. I would say that that's a tough situation but we'll do something about it. We'll be having some   we'll be giving you some pretty   information   pretty good information soon. We're going to have some good, big conversations with other world leaders over the next few hours. A lot of things happening, a lot of positive things. You misrepresented his comments. His comments were misrepresented. And what you should do is ask Senator Blumenthal about his Vietnam record that didn't exist after years of saying it did. So ask Senator Blumenthal about his Vietnam record. He misrepresented that just like he misrepresented Judge Gorsuch. Thank you for being here. Nothing like having meetings in the White House. Good place. Good place for meetings. Good place for a lot of things. People don’t realize I inherited a mess. A big mess. I think they know. I think they understand. And you can   no, stay, stay, stay. Let them see who’s here.  Everyone is so quick to get rid of the press. I think I am the most open President ever.  They want to get rid of the press. What, you don’t want to see who Mr. Gray is?  Maybe I should have started with somebody else.  Okay, you can stay. Yeah, stay. Stay for a while. See who’s here, right? Okay, good. Great. Welcome. Delta is doing well. That’s right. That’s right, good. You've been very good. Thank you. Good job. By the way, Fred Smith was here yesterday. He's a great, great guy. Great job. Okay, good. Great. We spoke a long time ago. And you did a good job. Appreciate it. Thank you. Great. Okay. Thank you. We’ll make it number one worldwide. Let’s make it number one.  I didn’t like the number. What is number one now in terms of service? That’s good. We love the state of Georgia. I love Georgia   I tell you that’s for sure. So that’s good. So let me ask you   so what can we do to make your airlines better, to make your balance sheet better, to have you get more jobs and create more jobs, to have you win competition worldwide so you can start doing more business worldwide? Because I know you have a lot of competition, and a lot of that competition is subsidized by governments, big league. I’ve heard that complaint from different people in this room. Probably about one hour after I got elected I was inundated with calls from your industry, and many other industries, because it’s a pretty unfair situation. Southwest Airlines. I want to congratulate you because you have done an amazing job, really amazing job. You really have. So congratulations. Go ahead. You shouldn't know them too well.  I hear that. I hear we have the wrong system. I’m hearing that the United States government   and is the gentleman who’s the head of the FAA right now not a pilot? Or is that   does he   I’d like to find out because I think it maybe would be good to have a pilot, like a really good pilot who knows what’s going on. I’ve heard that, and, I don't know, it seems a little hard to believe because the complexity of your business is right up there, right? And I would think you need a very sophisticated person in that job, and somebody that, frankly   being a pilot would be helpful, because I’m hearing you put the wrong   I hear the government contracted this system that’s the wrong system, and I hear that from pilots. So who would be better to tell me? But I hear we’re spending billions and billions of dollars. It’s a system that’s totally out of whack. It’s way over budget, it’s way beyond schedule, and when it’s completed, it’s not going to be a good system. Other than that, it’s okay.  It’s already outdated. Has that been you or the government or both? So when you say “we”   “we” the government   Why do the airlines allow that to happen where they put in a bad system? Not even antiquated   and it’s antiquated because it’s taken so long. Why do the airlines allow a system that you know is bad from the beginning   because you guys are pros   why do they allow the government to put in the wrong system? Headed by the airlines? Headed by who? The board would be who? Well, this wouldn’t have happened then. You wouldn’t be putting in a system   a control system   that is obsolete before they even signed the contract. And, by the way, overly expensive. More expensive than . So how long would it take to   because I’m hearing you have to scrap all of the billions of dollars that have been put in   stupidly put in. How long would it take to come up with a great air traffic control system, the top anywhere in the world, the top of the line? How long would that take to do and how much would it cost? So you'd save a lot of time, you'd save a tremendous amount of fuel. It's safe but it's very cautious. And it should be cautious. But I notice the intervals when planes go out seem very, very long. And what is the reason for that? Yeah. Not anymore it's not political. We're going to get     at a reasonable price. So not anymore. Go ahead. Is the head of the FAA a pilot? Does anybody know? Somebody should know. He's not? He's not a pilot. I just think a non-pilot would not know the sophistication of this system, right? I mean, better to have a pilot   because my pilot said it's a terrible system that they're installing; that the work they're doing now is a waste of tremendous amounts of money because the system is a bad system. That's coming from a pilot. Both. How much is it? The problem is, I don't like raising fees or taxes   I'll be honest. I mean, we're spending all this money overseas, we're giving away trillions of dollars to all these countries. All of the countries that trade with us are ripping us off. The last thing we have to do is raise the fee. I understand what you're saying, but $4.50   it's a lot when you look at all of the passengers. Thank you very much, everybody, for being here today. It is with great pride, very great pride, that I say these words to you right now: Attorney General Jeff Sessions.  Welcome to the White House.  You've never seen so much paper on a President’s desk.  That's because we're negotiating lots of deals for our country, which will be tremendous. Thank you, Brian. And you have something over there. Show a little bit about the new product. That's great, thanks. Do you have any questions for Brian? I know you have none for me, so how about      Great thing for Arizona. Unbelievable company and product, and we're very happy. And I can tell you the people of Arizona are very happy. It’s a lot of jobs. Probably the investment   what are you saying, your total investment will be what? Thank you, all. Thank you very much. This is   great to be with people I truly feel comfortable with. Please sit down. They’ll say I didn’t get a standing ovation because they never sat down.  And I say, I got one standing ovation because they never sat down. Oh, the sheriffs are great people. Well, thank you very much. Law enforcement was a big subject in the campaign and a subject that was very well received. You have no idea how respected you are, sheriffs and, generally speaking, the leaders of law enforcement. Anybody involved in law enforcement, you have no idea how respected you are   you don't get the honest facts from the press   if you don't know how respected you are. So I just want to say that upfront. It’s true.  You were a great support. Thank you, Carolyn. There’s a new sheriff in town. I hear this so much.  I hear this so much, Dana. They always use, "there’s a new sheriff in town." So anyway. They were very nice. I agree. They were very nice. So you're seeing a big difference? And that's only two weeks. Okay? It’s a very short period of time. I’m hearing it from a lot of people. People are calling in and they're   and people I know that are in the area, they're saying it’s like day and night. Because we're not playing games. We're not playing games. We're stopping the drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth. So thank you very much. I appreciate it. Thank you very much. It’s so nice. I appreciate that. Boy, we almost won your state. You know we weren't supposed to do very well in your state, and we won   lost by one point. I say, if I went there one more visit we would have won.  We would have won Minnesota. But it was very close. Thank you, I know. I will. It's already being done, believe me. It's a big, big difference. And we will do that, and you do have a big problem, and you have a big problem with the refugees pouring in, don't you? Well, you know, the vetting is much, much tougher now. And we need this court case. It will be very helpful to keeping the wrong people out of our country. You understand that better than anybody. So I think we're going to have some good results. It may take a little while. And you know, this is a very dangerous period of time because while everybody is talking and dealing, a lot of bad people are thinking about, hey, let's go in right now. But we're being very, very tough with the vetting   tougher than ever before. That used to be a political position, you know, what General Kelly is doing here right now. Homeland Security, if you remember   it's like a political position. Not anymore. Now it's, in my opinion, one of truly most important positions. So he's doing a great job. Thank you very much. Yes, sir. Thank you, Sheriff. And I will tell you that the EPA   you're right. I call it   it's clogged the bloodstream of our country. People can't do anything. People are looking to get approvals for factories for 15 years, and then after the 15th year they get voted down after having spent a fortune. So that's going to end. We have one of our really great people   as you know, Scott is looking to be approved by the Senate. We're still waiting for that one, too. It's a disgrace what's going on. But as soon as he gets involved, we're going to unclog the system. You never met our great Vice President.  And in about 10 minutes, you're going to see the Oval Office, too, which is   that's the other thing, you know, people have had meetings here. I had the car companies, the biggest companies   Ford, General Motors, Fiat   and they were in this room often. And I said, oh, so you've seen the Oval Office? "No, we've never been invited to see the Oval Office." You know where the Oval Office is? Ten feet in that direction   10 feet. Look, these are the biggest people that were going there   these are the biggest people. So they were never invited to the Oval Office and they were only 10 feet away. You would think they would be invited. But you're going to see the Oval Office, okay? Well, I appreciate it. And I will say that, in the recent election, law enforcement is with me. I mean, the numbers were staggering   staggering. It wasn't like, gee, it's 51-49. Believe me, it was through the roof. Law enforcement and military also. I think, generally, people in uniform tend to like me.  Explain that to me. Dana, explain that to me.  So, Sheriff, thank you very much. And do you miss your former governor? You have a good new governor. Mike Pence has been fantastic. Dana, I want to thank you for your service. Amazing the way you just stepped into the breach and have done such a good job. And let's see what happens with the court case. Yes, well, thank you very much. And, you know, one of the things that you know better than anybody is that we had a very good victory in Boston. So I said to everybody, why don’t we use the Boston case? Why aren’t we using the Boston case? Because the Boston victory was great, but it's statutorily   And a highly respected judge, too. So I appreciate it. Thank you, Dana, very much. Appreciate it. Go North Carolina. Well, thank you. And a funny story   so when General Kelly was just sworn in, now Secretary Kelly, and I said, you want to have dinner tonight and we’ll talk? “Sir, I’m heading to the border.” I said, I like that better.  We don’t need to eat. I said, I like that better. So he’s right on the ball, he’s going to be fantastic. Because everybody has said the same thing. Has this ever happened before with the sheriffs? It never happened? And yet the murder rate in our country is the highest it’s been in 47 years, right? Did you know that? Forty-seven years. I used to use that   I’d say that in a speech and everybody was surprised, because the press doesn’t tell it like it is. It wasn’t to their advantage to say that. But the murder rate is the highest it’s been in, I guess, from 45 to 47 years. And you would think that you would be invited here, and you would think that you people would be able to solve   had you   if you ran Chicago, you would solve that nightmare, I tell you. I’ll bet everybody in that room, especially Carolyn, right, would raise their hand. Because to allow   I mean, literally   hundreds of shootings a month, it’s worse than some of the places that we read about in the Middle East, where you have wars going on. It’s so sad. Chicago has become so sad a situation. How much of your crime is caused, do you think, by drugs generally? Eighty percent. So without drugs, you would have a whole different ballgame. And when did it start, big league? Or has it been going on for many years? And at a much higher level? Much higher. Right, right. Okay, well, we’ll have it take infinity, okay?  Absolutely, you’re right. I actually can’t believe that we’re having to fight to protect the security   in a court system to protect the security of our nation. I can’t even believe it. And a lot of people agree with us, believe me. There’s a group of people out there   and I mean much more than half of our country   much, much more. You’re not allowed to use the term “silent majority” anymore. You’re not allowed, because they make that into a whole big deal. So you’re saying   okay, so you’re saying the asset-taking you used to do, and it had an impact, right? And you’re not allowed to do it now? And that’s for legal reasons? Or just political reasons? I’d like to look into that, okay? There’s no reason for that. Dana, do you think there’s any reason for that? Are you aware of this? So what do you do? So in other words, they have a huge stash of drugs. So in the old days, you take it. Now we’re criticized if we take it. So who gets it? What happens to it? Tell them to keep it? And now what happens? Who would want that pressure, other than, like, bad people, right? But who would want that pressure? You would think they’d want this stuff taken away. I think less so. I think Congress is going to get beat up really badly by the voters because they've let this happen. And I think badly. I think you'll be back in shape. So, asset forfeiture, we're going to go back on, okay? I mean, how simple can anything be? You all agree with that, I assume, right? Do you even understand the other side of it? It's like some things   Sort of like the Iran deal. Nobody even understands how a thing like that could have happened. It does nothing. So do we need any legislation or any executive orders for that, would you say, Dana   to put that back in business? Okay. Good. You're in charge.  I love that answer, because it's better than signing executive orders and then these people take it and they make it look so terrible   "oh, it's so terrible." I love it. You're encouraged. Good. Asset forfeiture. You're encouraged. Okay. Yes, sir. Okay, go for it. Just go for it. Dana will tell me if I can't or if      Okay, that's great. I appreciate it too. Thank you, John. Thank you. Thank you very much. You're a great group of people. Can you believe that? Who is the state senator? Want to give his name? We'll destroy his career.  Okay, thank you. You know, Bill Belichick, is a great guy, a friend of mine. And he was telling me   somebody told me that he'll oftentimes, wanting to get a player, he'll go to the other players on the team   he'll say, what do you think of this guy? You know, they all the different people. And he'll listen to them. And he's done very well, right? He's done very well. And essentially what they're   we're talking to the people that know   I'm not telling you, you're telling me. That came up this morning. I mean, that was a big statement. And I didn’t realize it was all clogged. The system is all clogged. So we're going to unclog the system, and we're going to go right now into the Oval Office. Oh, we're going to take it through the system. It's very important. It's very important for the country, regardless of me or whoever succeeds at a later date. I mean, we have to have security in our country. We have to have the ability. When you take some place like Syria, when you take all of the different people pouring   and if you remember, ISIS said, we are going to infiltrate the United States and other countries through the migration. And then we're not allowed to be tough on the people coming in? Explain that one. It could. We will see. Hopefully it doesn’t have to. It's common sense. You know, some things are law, and I'm all in favor of that. And some things are common sense. This is common sense. I have to know, because I'm reported on possibly more than anybody in the world   I don’t think you have anything to say about that. I happen to know how dishonest the media is. I happen to know stories about me that should be good   or bad   you know, I don’t mind a bad story if it's true. But I don’t like bad stories that   stories that should be a positive story when they make them totally negative. I understand the total dishonesty of the media better than anybody. And I let people know it. I mean, the media is a very, very dishonest arm, and we'll see what happens. Not everybody. And I have to say that. I always preface it by saying, not everybody. But there's tremendous dishonest   pure, outright dishonesty from the media. So they said this is the first President they've ever seen with all the papers on their desk.  cutting the price of the F-35 fighters. We have a lot of papers. Thank you so much. Thank you.  It’s beautiful. Thank you very much.  Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. That’s so nice. A lot of spirit. Great spirit for this country. Thank you, all. We have tremendous spirit and I want to thank you. Today we're signing core principles for regulating the United States financial system. It doesn’t get much better than that, right? Would you like to   Why don’t you explain this. And she means that so much. Chairman, I think we should hand the pen to this very special person. Thank you. They're not behaving. Well, thank you, everybody, for being here this morning. This is a really world-class group and I want to thank and congratulate Steve. You have done, as usual, an amazing job. Steve called me up the day after the election   it might have even been the same night, Jamie, to be honest with you. You know Steve      in fact, I think maybe one minute. And he said, I'd like to put together a group of world-class leaders and that's what he's done. So good job, Steve. Thank you very much. We're going to go around the room, but before we do that I just want to say that so many people I call friends of mine in big business, and they wanted to be in the committee. And I call Steve and I say, Steve, can we get so-and-so? No.  I said, what do you mean no?  It’s a big business, massive business   you know, public companies. And every once in a while I’d call him   Steve, how about this one? I don’t   he’s a corporate raider, these people don’t want to be sitting with corporate raiders.  Five raiders that wanted to come. But he’s been very, very selective. And we’ll be putting a couple of more. He’s been very selective. Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you, folks. Thank you, press. So it's great to have Harley-Davidson. What a great, great group of people and what a fantastic job you do. And thank you for all of the votes you gave me in Wisconsin. Some people thought that was an upset; I thought we were going to win it. From the beginning, we thought we were going to win it. Nothing is off the table. I haven't eased anything. Well, I haven't eased anything. Thank you, Mark. So nice.  Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. It’s a great honor to be here this morning. And so many faith leaders   very, very important people to me   from across our magnificent nation, and so many leaders from all across the globe. Thank you very much, Mike. Just returned from an amazing visit with a great, great family at Dover, and it was something   very sad, very beautiful. Ryan, a great man. He left a very good job for this, I want to tell you.  One person that likes me at this table, I can tell you that.  I have a lot of them. I have a lot. You've been great friends and supporters and appreciated for, number one, the election. And I appreciate all of the help in deciding who to pick for the United States Supreme Court. And, Leonard, you were fantastic. All of you were. And Jim DeMint   I don't know if Jim is here or not but they were great, Heritage. You really did. You really helped. And the rollout has been fantastic. I don't know how anybody can oppose him, frankly. I don't know how anybody can oppose him at all, but it really has been a beautiful thing to see. Well, Federalist really   they really did a great job. So we're going to be talking about working with the judge and maybe making this a fast process. And nominating a justice of the Supreme Court is one of the most important things that I can do as President. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you, Paula. Thank you for the help during the campaign. I think there's a certain dishonesty if they go against their vote from not very long ago. And he did get a unanimous endorsement, and he's somebody that should get it. I mean, you can't do better from an educational, from an experience, from any standpoint. A great judge; he'll be a great justice. Hello, everybody. These are a lot of my friends, but you have been so helpful. And we did well. The election, it came out really well. Next time we’ll triple it up or quadruple it, right? We want to get over 51, right? At least 51. Nice to see you. And just a few notes. During this month, we honor the tremendous history of the African Americans throughout our country   throughout the world, if you really think about it, right? And their story is one of unimaginable sacrifice, hard work and faith in America. But Fox has treated me very nice   wherever Fox is, thank you. Well, I’m glad you’re in support of me because I’d be all   I’d be in the wilderness without you guys. You are so effective. I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, good. Lieutenant Colonel   good job. You know, the one thing I didn't understand about Belinda   I thought they were married maybe five or six years, because look how they look so young.  Should you say how many years you've been married? That's actually amazing. I wouldn't have known. Thank you. Thank you very much. That's a great idea because Chicago is totally out of control. If they're not going to solve the problem   and what you're doing is the right thing   then we're going to solve the problem for them because we're going to have to do something about Chicago. Because what's happening in Chicago should not be happening in this country. Good. I understand. Thank you. And it is   I mean, a lot of the media is actually the opposition party. They're so biased and really is a disgrace. Some of you are fantastic and fair, but so much of the media is opposition party and knowingly saying incorrect things. So it's a very sad situation. But we seem to be doing well. It's almost like, in the meantime, we won. So maybe they don't have the influence they think, but they really are   they really have to straighten out their act. They're very dishonest people. Thank you. You've been great. Thank you, James. Oh, that's great. You've got a good person. That's great. You did a fantastic job. Thank you. Fantastic. Thank you. Thank you very much. We did well in West Virginia.  And we love the coal miners. We're going to put them back to work. Oh, really? Great job. Fantastic. Howard graduate. That's good stuff. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.
today our entire nation pauses to remember pearl harbor—and the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for America.
fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action and I have proof sad

the NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our national anthem total disrespect for our great country

as it has turned out james Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton he was the best thing that ever happened to her

the democrats will only vote for tax increases hopefully all senate republicans will vote for the largest tax cuts in us history

people not interviewed including Clinton herself Comey stated under oath that he didn't do this-obviously a fix where is justice dept

wow FBI confirms report that james Comey drafted letter exonerating  crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete many

the most important truth our founders understood was  freedom is not a gift from govt freedom is a gift from god

thank you @heritage this is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy revive our industry & renew the American dream

wow

border wall prototypes underway

any increase in Obamacare premiums is the fault of the democrats for giving us a "product" that never had a chance of working

so much fake news being put in dying magazines and newspapers only place worse may be @nbcnews @cbsnews @abc and @CNN fiction writers

it was my great honor to welcome prime minister alexis tsipras of greece to the wh today

join me live from the rose garden at 1 30pme with prime minister alexis tsipras of greece

"dow passes 23000 for the first time fueled by strong earnings"
#dow23k

reptom marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar tom is a fine man and a great congressman

us markets from election day {since 11/8/2016}

always great to see the wonderful people of south carolina thank you for the beautiful welcome at greenville-spartanburg int'l airport

i was recently asked if crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020 my answer was "i hope so"

the us has gained more than 52 trillion dollars in stock market value since election day also record business enthusiasm

since election day on November 8 the stock market is up more than 25% unemployment is at a 17 year low & companies are coming back to us

dem senator schumer hated the iran deal made by president Obama but now that I am involved he is ok with it tell that to Israel chuck

the democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct that's all they are good at

art laffer just said that he doesn't know how a democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves  @foxnews

global fund championed by Ivanka Trump to help women entrepreneurs begins operations

@edwgillespie is fighting to grow the economy & cut taxes he’s fighting for a safer va and he’s is fighting for affordable energy & coal

approvals of the keystone xl & dakota access pipelines also look at the recent epa cancelations & our great new supreme court justice

the failing @nytimes in a story by peter baker should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of tpp & the paris accord & the fast

tonight on "justice" @judgejeanine talks to special guests @ericTrump and @laraleaTrump - tune in at 9p et on fox news channel

@laraleaTrump and I look forward to being on @judgejeanine tonight at 9pm @foxnews #makeAmericagreatagain

we are heading to virginia looking forward to supporting my friend @edwgillespie he will make a great governor for the commonwealth

the democrats in the southwest part of virginia have been abandoned by their party republican ed gillespie will never let you down

very proud of my executive order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for healthcare millions of people benefit

health insurance stocks which have gone through the roof during the Obamacare years plunged yesterday after I ended their dems windfall

"consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004"


trust in the media is at the lowest level in all of us history the American people see through the liberal media's lies

it is not a coincidence that the economy boomed immediately after the 2016 election

such a wonderful statement from the great @loudobbs "we take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern American history"

Obamacare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many it is being dismantled but in the meantime premiums & deductibles are way up

money pouring into insurance companies profits under the guise of Obamacare is over they have made a fortune
dems must get smart & deal

many people talking with much agreement on my iran speech today participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with iran

starting to develop a much better relationship with pakistan and its leaders I want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts

#weeklyaddress

today I announced our strategy to confront the iranian regime’s hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon

in America we don't worship government - we worship god
#valuesvoterssummit

i have no greater privilege than to serve as your commander-in-chief happy birthday to the incredible men and women @usnavy
#242navybday

the wonderful people of puerto rico with their unmatched spirit know how bad things were before the h's I will always be with them

hard to believe that the democrats who have gone so far left that they are no longer recognizable are fighting so hard for sanctuary crime

Obamacare is a broken mess piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great healthcare it deserves

sadly they and others are fake news and the public is just beginning to figure it out

the president will not be able to impact licenses but he is doing major damage to the @nbc brand

a free press is vital to protecting all Americans a corrupt press damages the republic

the democrats Obamacare is imploding massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped dems should call me to fix

it is time to take care of our country to rebuild our communities and to protect our great American workers #taxreform

people are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting fakenews @nbcnews is viewers beware may be worse than even @CNN

happy #nationalfarmersday


we need a tax system that is fair to working families & that encourages companies to stay in America grow in America and hire in America

the time has come to take action to improve access increase choices and lower costs for healthcare


the fake news is going all out in order to demean and denigrate such hatred

we cannot keep fema the military & the first responders who have been amazing under the most difficult circumstances in pr forever

accountability say the governor electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes congress to decide how much to spend

"puerto rico survived the hurricanes now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making" says sharyl attkisson a total lack of

clips from tax speech and @seanhannity on @foxandfriends now have a great day

i will be interviewed tonight on @foxnews by @seanhannity at 9pme enjoy

in even the darkest moments the light of our people has shown through their goodness their courage and their love #usa

network news has become so partisan distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and if appropriate revoked not fair to public

joining @seanhannity tonight at 9pme on @foxnews enjoy

we need a tax system that is fair to working families & that encourages companies to stay in America grow in America and hire in America

join me live at 5 45pme from harrisburg pennsylvania
#taxreform #usa


happy to announce we are awarding $1m to las vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working ot to respond to last sunday’s tragedy

with all of the fake news coming out of nbc and the networks at what point is it appropriate to challenge their license bad for country

fake @nbcnews made up a story that I wanted a "tenfold" increase in our us nuclear arsenal pure fiction made up to demean nbc = CNN

it is about time that roger goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players stand for our great national anthem-respect our country

the democrats want massive tax increases & soft crime producing bordersthe republicans want the biggest tax cut in history & the wall

it would be really nice if the fake news media would report the virtually unprecedented stock market growth since the electionneed tax cuts

if congress gives us the massive tax cuts and reform I am asking for those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds #maga

stock market has increased by 52 trillion dollars since the election on November 8th a 25% increase lowest unemployment in 16 years and

fired this story is totally made up by the dishonest mediathe chief is doing a fantastic job for me and more importantly for the usa

the fake news is at it again this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know general john kelly by saying he will soon be

my great honor to host the 2017 back-to-back #stanleycup champion pittsburgh penguins at the wh with @flotus today




the failing @nytimes set liddle' bob corker up by recording his conversation was made to sound a fool and that's what I am dealing with

highly respected author christopher bedford just came out with book "the art of the Donald lessons from America's" really good book

with jemele hill at the mike it is no wonder espn ratings have "tanked" in fact tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry

since congress can't get its act together on healthcare I will be using the power of the pen to give great healthcare to many people - fast

the problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the democrats don't want secure bordersthey don't care about safety for usa

why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our anthem flag and country change tax law

@realDonaldTrump stock market rally is close to becoming the greatest in 85 years

a big salute to jerry jones owner of the dallas cowboys who will bench players who disrespect our flag"stand for anthem or sit for game"

"president Donald j Trump proclaims October 9 2017 as #columbusday"

the trip by @vp pence was long planned he is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country

our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with north Korea for 25 years giving billions of dollars & getting nothing policy didn't work

"the republican party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by Trump supporters"   @nypost  thank you

nobody could have done what i’ve done for #puertorico with so little appreciation so much work

bob corker gave us the iran deal & that's about it we need healthcare we need tax cuts/reform we need people that can get the job done

strong administration leads to a strong response

fema and first responders are working hard yet again on hurricane nate military helping very much under control

i asked @vp pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled disrespecting our country I am proud of him and @secondlady karen

hence I would fully expect corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda didn't have the guts to run

my endorsement he also wanted to be secretary of state I said "no thanks" he is also largely responsible for the horrendous iran deal

senator bob corker "begged" me to endorse him for re-election in tennessee I said "no" and he dropped out said he could not win without

#lasvegasstrong #usa


more and more people are suggesting that republicans and me should be given equal time on tv when you look at the one-sided coverage

leaving the white house for the great state of north carolina big progress being made on many fronts

thanks for your support

Trump 2020landslide coming

hasn't worked agreements violated before the ink was dry makings fools of us negotiators sorry but only one thing will work

presidents and their administrations have been talking to north Korea for 25 years agreements made and massive amounts of money paid

will be joining @govmikehuckabee tonight at 8pme on @tbn enjoy

in dc to interview @realDonaldTrump as 1st guest on new tv show debut sat oct 7-8 at 8pm et on @tbn

our great team at @fema is prepared for #hurricanenate everyone in la ms al and fl please listen to your local authorities & be safe

@nbcnews is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting the good news is that the people get it which is really all that matters not #1

i called chuck schumer yesterday to see if the dems want to do a great healthcare bill Obamacare is badly broken big premiums who knows

late night host are dealing with the democrats for their very "unfunny" & repetitive material always anti-Trump should we get equal time

contributions the rnc is taking in far more $'s than the dems and much of it by my wonderful small donors I am working hard for them

can't believe I finally got a good story in the @washingtonpost it discusses the enthusiasm of "Trump" voters through campaign

#stockalert  us markets since the election

@potus @realDonaldTrump in the oval office w/senior us military leaders prior to dinner hosted by the president & first lady @whitehouse

ralph northamwho is running for governor of virginiais fighting for the violent ms-13 killer gangs & sanctuary cities  vote ed gillespie

rex tillerson never threatened to resign this is fake news put out by @nbcnews low news and reporting standards no verification from me

stock market hits an all-time high unemployment lowest in 16 years business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades

why isn't the senate intel committee looking into the fake news networks in our country to see why so much of our news is just made up-fake

thank you

god bless president Trump his family and his team who are faithfully and diligently “ making America great again

so wonderful to be in las vegas yesterday and meet with people from police to doctors to the victims themselves who I will never forget

pres Trump  "we cannot be defined by the evil that threatens us or the violence that incites such terror"

@potus & @flotus w/ @lvmpd officer cook 2nd day on job received gunshot wound to the right chest & right arm saving lives #lesm #hero

@potus @realDonaldTrump and @flotus Melania visit with @umcsn patient tiffany huizarin las vegas earlier today #vegasstrong #usa

geraldo blasts 'fake news' reports about Trump's visit to puerto rico

on behalf of a grateful nation thank you to all of the first responders heroes who saved countless lives in las vegas on sunday night

we love you las vegas

i will be landing in las vegas shortly to pay my respects with @flotus Melania everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers

the @nbcnews story has just been totally refuted by sec tillerson and @vp pence it is #fakenews they should issue an apology to America

nbc news is #fakenews and more dishonest than even CNN they are a disgrace to good reporting no wonder their news ratings are way down

wow so many fake news stories today no matter what I do or say they will not write or speak truth the fake news media is out of control

a great day in puerto rico yesterday while some of the news coverage is fake most showed great warmth and friendship

my administration will continue to work around the clock with governor @ricardorossello & his team great progress being made #prstrong

@potus and @flotus meet w/ some of America's finest on the uss kearsarge off the coast of pr

tonight the truth about how despicable the media and the left are in America today we will name names 9 est hannity fox news from vegas

3/4  this administration is deeply committed to those who serve & their families who make it possible through their love and support

fnc dominated ratings last night msnbc-disaster demonstrating folks don't trust the network   tonight-vegas analysis

thank you @realDonaldTrump for all the help you are providing for puerto rico we’re are grateful and happy to welcome you and @flotus to

it is a "miracle" how fast the las vegas metropolitan police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing

so proud of @fema military and first responders thank you

great meeting with governor mapp of the #usvi he is very thankful for the great job done by @fema and first responders

leaving puerto rico now for dc will be in las vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects everyone is in my thoughts and prayers

what a great pleasure to speak with our president @realDonaldTrump thank you for your phone call your support and your prayers #lvmpd

i am so proud of our great country god bless America

my warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible las vegas shooting god bless you

congratulations to #teamusaon your great @presidentscup victory

being nice to rocket man hasn't worked in 25 years why would it work now Clinton failed bush failed and Obama failed I won't fail

save your energy rex we'll do what has to be done

i told rex tillerson our wonderful secretary of state that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with little rocket man

for safety thank you to the governor of pr and to all of those who are working so closely with our first responders fantastic job

people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by fema and our great military all buildings now inspected

we have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in puerto rico outside of the fake news or politically motivated ingrates

when you kneel for our #nationAlanthem you aren't protesting a specific issue you are protesting our nation and everything it stands for

19000 respecting our national anthem #standforouranthem

in analyzing the Alabama primary racefake news always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up many points after endorsement

because of #fakenews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job as seen here they are all doing a great job

very important that NFL players stand tomorrow and always for the playing of our national anthem respect our flag and our country

i will be in pr on tues to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist & support the people in their time of great need

results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by san juan mayor doing everything we can to help great people of pr

we must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in puerto rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster

#fakenews critics are working overtime but we're getting great marks from the people that truly matter
#prstrong

my administration governor @ricardorossello and many others are working together to help the people of puerto rico in every way

to the people of puerto rico
do not believe the #fakenews
#prstrong

congresswoman jennifer gonzalez-colon of puerto rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people thank you

just spoke to governor kenneth mapp of the us virgin islands who stated that #fema and military are doing a great job thank you governor

the governor of puerto rico ricardo rossello is a great guy and leader who is really working hard thank you ricky

despite the fake news media in conjunction with the dems an amazing job is being done in puerto rico great people

the fake news networks are working overtime in puerto rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first r's shame

i will be going to puerto rico on tuesday with Melania will hopefully be able to stop at the us virgin islands people working hard

fake news CNN and nbc are going out of their way to disparage our great first responders as a way to "get Trump" not fair to fr or effort

thank you to all who participated in today's discussion on opioid abuse by talking about it we can start to make a real difference

video  elements of the #dod and @fema are providing humanitarian relief for #puertorico   and #usvi

 “#airforce relief efforts in #puertorico & #virginislands”

@uscg crews worked together with the @redcross @fema and members of local #police #fire and #government to distribute disaster #relief supplies food rations and #water in rio grande #puertorico   yesterday following #hurricane #maria full video

the military and first responders despite no electric roads phones etc have done an amazing job puerto rico was totally destroyed

want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort 10000 federal workers now on island doing a fantastic job

such poor leadership ability by the mayor of san juan and others in puerto rico who are not able to get their workers to help they

the mayor of san juan who was very complimentary only a few days ago has now been told by the democrats that you must be nasty to Trump

#usnscomfort en route to #puertorico from norfolk virginia to support hurricane maria relief efforts

under potus' @realDonaldTrump
s&p 500 38threcord high
nasdaq 44threcord high
#makeAmericagreatagain

"manufacturer optimism hits record high after #taxreform plan revealed"

potus' @realDonaldTrump on hurricane response efforts in #puertorico on instagram part of 9/29/17 weekly address


congratulations @seanhannity looking forward to being on the show tonight at 9pmet  hannity beats maddow - politico

tune in  @ericTrump joins @seanhannity tonight at 9p et on @foxnews channel #hannityat9

#Americafirst- @kellyannepolls  the middle class & businesses will benefit from @potus' historic tax revolution #dobbs #maga #Trumptrain

join me for my #weeklyaddress


my thoughts are with all those observing yom kippur the holiest day of the jewish year

thank you @shopfloornam an honor to be with you today great news manufacturers report record-high economic optimism in 2017 #taxreform

this week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nation’s classrooms with the jobs of the future

record high for s & p 500

thank you to fema our great military & all first responders who are working so hardagainst terrible oddsin puerto rico see you tuesday

the fact is that puerto rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding

puerto rico governor ricardo rossello just stated  "the administration and the president every time we've spoken they've delivered

GDP was revised upward to 31 for last quarter many people thought it would be years before that happened we have just begun

the Trump inaugural committee is donating $3 million in surplus funds to victims of the latest hurricanes

puerto rico is devastated phone system electric grid many roads gone fema and first responders are amazing governor said "great job"

hannity crushing msnbc at 9 good for him check the no spin news on   killing england a huge bestseller - thank you

thank you to the amazing men and women working tirelessly to bring relief to those in need #puertorico #hurricanemaria

today's photos of day  #usnavy’s hurricane #maria relief ops in #puertorico and #dominica
 info and  download

really hard to help but many have lost their homes military is now on site and I will be there tuesday wish press would treat fairly

fema & first responders are doing a great job in puerto rico massive food & water delivered docks & electric grid dead locals trying

welcome back @stevescalise
#teamscalise

the electric power grid in puerto rico is totally shot large numbers of generators are now on island food and water on site

democrats don't want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections great reviews for tax cut and reform bill

it is time to take care of our people to rebuild our nation and to fight for our great American workers #taxreform #usa

this is the right tax cut @ the right time we will all succeed & grow together – as one team one people & one American family #taxreform

just arrived in Indianapolis Indiana to make an announcement on #taxreform together we are going to make America great again

but the people were pro-Trump virtually no president has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaring

facebook was always anti-Trumpthe networks were always anti-Trump hencefake news @nytimesapologized & @wapo were anti-Trump collusion

we will have the votes for healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday after which we need 60 get rid of filibuster rule

with one yes vote in hospital & very positive signs from alaska and two others mccain is out we have the hcare vote but not for Friday

spoke to jerry jones of the dallas cowboys yesterday jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done players will stand for country

spoke to roy moore of Alabama last night for the first time sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race he will help to #maga

congratulations to roy moore on his republican primary win in Alabama luther strange started way back & ran a good race roy win in dec

even usain bolt from jamaica one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time showed respect for our national anthem

70 years ago today the national security council met for the first time great history of advising presidents-then & now thanks nsc staff

thank you to our wonderful team @usun and their families keep up the great work #usa

it was an honor to welcome president @marianorajoy of spain thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate the brutal #noko regime

i want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in spain last month

America's hearts & prayers are with the people of #puertorico & the #usvi we will get through this - and we will get through this together

heading over to the @un to meet with ambassador @nikkihaley and all of her great representatives #usa

briefed @potus @realDonaldTrump in #situationroom and thanked him for his leadership quick response & commitment to our people

honored to welcome republican and democrat members of the house ways and means committee to the white house today #usa

the NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations the only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our national anthem

thank you to carmen yulin cruz the mayor of san juan for your kind words on fema etcwe are working hard much food and water there/on way

great interview on @foxandfriends with the parents of otto warmbier  1994 - 2017 otto was tortured beyond belief by north Korea

but while dallas dropped to its knees as a team they all stood up for our national anthem big progress being made-we all love our country

the booing at the NFL football game last night when the entire dallas team dropped to its knees was loudest I have ever heard great anger

ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected

a few of the many clips of john mccain talking about repealing & replacing o'care my oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk

owed to wall street and the banks which sadly must be dealt with food water and medical are top priorities - and doing well #fema

it's old electrical grid which was in terrible shape was devastated much of the island was destroyed with billions of dollars

texas & Florida are doing great but puerto rico which was already suffering from broken infrastructure & massive debt is in deep trouble

tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our country
#standforouranthem

general john kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our flag or great country

@CNN is #fakenews just reported cos john kelly was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting flag anthem country total lie

NFLplayer pattillman joined us army in 2002 he was killed in action 2004 he fought 4our country/freedom #standforouranthem #boycottNFL

#standforouranthem

the white house never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night important meetings taking place today big tax cuts & reform

the issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race it is about respect for our country flag and national anthem NFL must respect this

many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday which was a small percentage of total these are fans who demand respect for our flag

so proud of nascar and its supporters and fans they won't put up with disrespecting our country or our flag - they said it loud and clear

making America safe is my number one priority we will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet

sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their national anthem or their country NFL should change policy

alaska arizona maine and kentucky are big winners in the healthcare proposal 7 years of repeal & replace and some senators not there

courageous patriots have fought and died for our great American flag  - we must honor and respect it  make America great again

i wonder what this brave American would give to stand on his own two legs just once more for our #anthem

#maga #NFL

you can boycott our anthem

we can boycott you

#NFL #maga

please to inform that the champion pittsburgh penguins of the nhl will be joining me at the white house for ceremony great team

great solidarity for our national anthem and for our country standing with locked arms is good kneeling is not acceptable bad ratings

NFL attendance and ratings are way down boring games yes but many stay away because they love our country league should back us

if NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our flag & country you will see change take place fast fire or suspend

just heard foreign minister of north Korea speak at un if he echoes thoughts of little rocket man they won't be around much longer

roger goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our countrytell them to stand

democrats are laughingly saying that mccain had a "moment of courage" tell that to the people of arizona who were deceived 116% increase

iran just test-fired a ballistic missile capable of reaching Israelthey are also working with north Koreanot much of an agreement we have

very proud of our incredible first lady @flotus she is a truly great representative for our country

our great American flag or country and should stand for the national anthem if not you're fired find something else to do

if a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFLor other leagues he or she should not be allowed to disrespect

going to the white house is considered a great honor for a championship teamstephen curry is hesitatingtherefore invitation is withdrawn

it was great being with luther strange last night in Alabama what great people what a crowd vote luther on tuesday

alaska had a 200% plus increase in premiums under Obamacare worst in the country deductibles high people angry lisa m comes through

i know rand paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the party

large block grants to states is a good thing to do better control &  management great for arizona mccain let his best friend lg down

arizona had a 116% increase in Obamacare premiums last year with deductibles very high chuck schumer sold john mccain a bill of goods sad

john mccain never had any intention of voting for this bill which his governor loves he campaigned on repeal & replace let arizona down

heading to Alabama now big crowd

thank you to doug parker and American airlines for all of the help you have given to the us with hurricane flights fantastic job

#usaatunga#unga

will be in Alabama tonight luther strange has gained mightily since my endorsement but will be very close he loves Alabama and so do i

the greatest iNFLuence over our election was the fake news media "screaming" for crooked Hillary Clinton next she was a bad candidate

the Russia hoax continues now it's ads on facebook what about the totally biased and dishonest media coverage in favor of crooked Hillary

@potus #Trump & @flotus

when all seemed hopelessyou brought hope

you inspire us all

#maga #harvey @scavino45 #usa #texasstrong

these are the 10 most tweeted about world leaders during the first day of #unga general debate

thank you

president Trump's speech at the un was the best speech I have ever heard a sitting us president make in my lifetime

kim jong un of north Korea who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people will be tested like never before

rand paul or whoever votes against hcare bill will forever future political campaigns be known as "the republican who saved Obamacare"

a big day for the us at the united nations

senator luther strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago now a close runoff he will be great in dc

today I announced a new executive order with re  to north Korea we must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of #noko

it was a great privilege to meet with president moon of south Korea
stay tuned #unga

it was wonderful to have president petro poroshenko of ukraine with us in new york city today #unga


it was a pleasure to have president ashraf ghani of afghanistan with us this morning #usaatunga #unga

governor @ricardorossello-
we are with you and the people of puerto rico stay safe #prstrong

senator doctor bill cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their healthcare he doesn't lie-just wants to help people

the nra strongly endorses luther strange for senator of Alabamathat means all gun owners should vote for big luther he won't let you down

i would not sign graham-cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions it does a great bill repeal & replace

Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like "big" luther strange smart tough on crime borders & trade loves vets & military tuesday

on behalf of all Americans I want to wish jewish families many blessings in the new year

went to the senate today to say @potus & I fully support graham-cassidy plan to repeal/replace Obamacare let's get this done

republican governors back latest gop Obamacare repeal bill

honored to host a luncheon for african leaders this afternoon great discussions on the challenges & opportunities facing our nations today

honored to meet w/ pres abbas from the palestinian authority & his delegation who have been working hard w/everybody involved toward peace

it was a great honor to be with king abdullah ii of jordan and his delegation this morning we had a great bilateral meeting

looking forward to Friday night in the great state of Alabama I am supporting "big" luther strange because he was so loyal & helpful to me

i hope republican senators will vote for graham-cassidy and fulfill their promise to repeal & replace Obamacare money direct to states

rand paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare graham-cassidy bill is great ends ocare

join me in praying for @potus he reminded the world “if the righteous many do not confront the wicked few then evil will triumph”

thank you  @foxandfriends - great show

it is the height of hypocrisy Obama and Clinton in effect gave nuclear weapons to north Korea by their policy of appeasement

the world is noticing thanks

Trump is a winner no matter what the haters say he’s actually making this country great again thank you mr president for actually caring

thank you @potus for believing in us like we believed in you #maga

after allowing north Korea to research and build nukes while secretary of state bill c also crooked Hillary now criticizes

big meetings today at the united nations so many interesting leaders America first will make America great again

"the iran deal was one of the worst & most one sided transactions the united states has ever entered into"
@potus @realDonaldTrump #unga

#wethepeople
#usaatunga #unga

@potus @realDonaldTrump and @un secretary-general @antonioguterres pose forprior to their expanded bilateral meeting #usaatunga#unga

i was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the emmys last night - the worst ever smartest people of them all are the "deplorables"

so nice thank you

a great and important day at the united nationsmet with leaders of many nations who agree with much or all of what I stated in my speech

puerto rico being hit hard by new monster hurricane be careful our hearts are with you- will be there to help

the true question for the @un


it was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the united nations
#usaatunga#unga


god bless the people of mexico city we are with you and will be there for you

as president of the united states of America I will always put #Americafirst#unga
full remarks

thehas great strength & patience but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies we will have no choice but to totally destroy #noko

i have long respected India's accomplished and charismatic foreign minister @sushmaswaraj and it was an honor to meet her today #unga

warm meeting between eam @sushmaswaraj and @IvankaTrump in new york today

big day at the united nations - many good things and some tricky ones happening we have a great team big speech at 10 00 am

#usaatunga #unga

we call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in venezuela and we want it to happen very very soon

it was a great honor to be with president @emmanuelmacron of france this afternoon with his delegation great bilateral meeting #unga

such an honor to have my good friend Israel pm @netanyahu join us w/ his delegation in nyc this afternoon #unga

looking forward to meeting with prime minister @netanyahu shortly peace in the middle east would be a truly great legacy for all people

we commend sg @antonioguterres & his call for the un to focus more on people & less on bureaucracy #usaatunga #unga

happy 70th birthday @cia

happy 70th birthday @usairforce

loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher mannerthe internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off & use better

the travel ban into the united states should be far larger tougher and more specific-but stupidly that would not be politically correct

important meetings and calls scheduled for today military and economy are getting stronger by the day and our enemies know it #maga

what is Trump worth to twitter one analyst estimates $2 billion

my great honor

Trump officially donates $1 million to harvey relief efforts

Donald Trump's amazing golf swing #crookedHillary







only true Americans can see that president Trump is making America great he's the only person who can haters are jealous of his success



this is the #nytimes can you understand why so many reporters are cautious about working for them

not sending a great signal on child labor minimum wage & occupational safety >> Trump white house lets a 10-year-old volunteer mow its lawn

thank you

we love and support Trump

i spoke with president moon of south Korea last night asked him how rocket man is doing long gas lines forming in north Korea too bad

attorney general bill schuette will be a fantastic governor for the great state of michigan I am bringing back your jobs and bill will help

i will be in huntsville Alabama on saturday night to support luther strange for senate "big luther" is a great guy who gets things done

a great deal of good things happening for our country jobs and stock market at all time highs and I believe will be getting even better

happy 70th birthday to the @usairforce the American people are eternally grateful thank you for keeping America proud strong and free

we will defend our people our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of lifecont

our hearts & prayers go out to the people of london who suffered a vicious terrorist attack

never forget our heroes held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country
proclamation

frank “fx” giaccio-
on behalf of @flotus Melania & myself thank you for doing a great job this morning @natlparkservice gives you an a+

weekly address

chain migration cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on immigration

espn is paying a really big price for its politics and bad programming people are dumping it in record numbers apologize for untruth

we have made more progress in the last nine months against isis than the Obama administration has made in 8 yearsmust be proactive & nasty

another attack in london by a loser terroristthese are sick and demented people who were in the sights of scotland yard must be proactive

with the ridiculous filibuster rule in the senate republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation rather than 51 can't get votes end now

Florida-
just like tx we are w/you today we are w/you tomorrow & we will be w/you every single day after to restore recover & rebuild

we are with you Florida

emergency information
1-800-342-3557


volunteer
1-800-fl-help-1


i told republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen but don't worry I will veto because I love our country & its people

bernie sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the us & its people

spoke to president of mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site

just left Florida for dc the people and spirit in that great state is unbelievable damage horrific but will be better than ever

am leaving now for Florida to see our great first responders and to thank the us coast guard fema etc a real disaster much work to do

they have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age plus big border security

does anybody really want to throw out good educated and accomplished young people who have jobs some serving in the military really

the wall which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls will continue to be built

no deal was made last night on daca massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent would be subject to vote

the "deplorables" came back to haunt Hillarythey expressed their feelings loud and clear she spent big money but in the end had no game

crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody and every thing but herself for her election loss she lost the debates and lost her direction

china has a business tax rate of 15% we should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy jobs and wages

with irma and harvey devastation tax cuts and tax reform is needed more than ever before go congress go

i will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great coast guard fema and many of the brave first responders & others

the approval process for the biggest tax cut & tax reform package in the history of our country will soon begin move fast congress

it was a great honor to welcome prime minister najib abdul razak of malaysia and his distinguished delegation to the @whitehouse today

congratulations to eric & lara on the birth of their son eric "luke" Trump this morning

@laraleaTrump and I are excited to announce the birth of our son eric "luke" Trump at 8 50 this morning

the devastation left by hurricane irma was far greater at least in certain locationsthan anyone thought - but amazing people working hard

fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me & have zero access #fake news

making America great again- @kellyannepolls  after #irma @potus is focused on saving lives not swamp shenanigans #dobbs #maga #Trumptrain

may god forever bless the united states of America #neverforget911

#neverforget

hurricane force winds hit Florida keys 390 shelters have been opened in Florida shelters near you  #hurricaneirma

serious @cabinet meeting today called by @potus at camp david reports on #irma's track potential impact fed & state preparedness

continue to notify us of us citizens overseas impacted by #hurricaneirma & #hurricanejose

love and prayers for friends adrienne & eric bolling

may eric chase know eternal peace

adrienne and I are devastated by the loss of our beloved son eric chase last night details still unclear thoughts prayers appreciated

many supported nyers when sandy hit now our ny task force-1 can be there to help others during harvey & #hurricaneirma here they deploy

@ericbolling to my dear friend please know we all love you will be here for you and your family

great pic from a friend on @cbpFlorida @customsborder who have been helping with #harvey recovery and now with #irma thank you all

Florida governor rick @flgovscott #hurricaineirma
