THE PRESIDENT: Well, this is an honor. You've been with us so long now. Anyway, I have no doubt. And it's going to be incredible what takes place.
I want to start by thanking Elaine. You've done so well and we really appreciate it. And I know you'll be here for a long while and working together, but this is a very special occasion because this is an issue I ran on -- it's borders, it's homeland security. And it's one of the certainly important things. I can't ever say anything is the most important, because our military is the most important, and lots of other things. But this is right there. This is one of the real big issues.
And I just want to congratulate you on such an important day for our country. The numbers have been so incredible; they're up to 78 percent. If they used to have a 1 percent or 2 percent number, they used to celebrate. We're at 78 percent. And it went down a little bit because, actually, a lot of people aren't trying to come in so much because they know it's not easy.
But you're going to take it to new levels. We're going to get the wall. I know you want the wall. We're going to get the wall. If we don't get the wall, then I got a lot of very unhappy people, starting with me. (Laughter.) We're going to get the wall. And we need it. We need it for the drug flow; we need it for people coming into our country. And we want to have great people coming into our country. We want to have a merit-based system. We have to get rid of chain migration -- all of these things we've been talking about.
And, in addition to the wall, we have to toughen up the borders even more. And we have to toughen up air travel too. It's not just walls; it's lots of people fly in and they come in through other means.
But I have absolutely no doubt you're going to be so outstanding. And I'd like to congratulate you, and I wanted to be here for the big moment.
MS. NIELSEN: Thank you. Thank you, sir. Thank you so much.
THE PRESIDENT: Congratulations.
(Ms. Kirstjen Nielsen is sworn in.)
END 1:39 P.M. ESTEast Room
7:45 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I know for a fact there are a lot of happy people in this room. (Applause.) Jerusalem.
Thank you. And Melania and I are thrilled to welcome you and so many wonderful friends to the White House. We wish you a very happy Hanukkah, and I think this one will go down as especially special. (Applause.)
I want to thank Vice President Pence and Karen for joining us this evening. (Applause.) Where are they? Where are they? They're someplace. Come up here, Mike. Get up here. Come on up. Come on, Karen. Get up here. They can get under those ropes, they're young and strong. Come on up. Great job. As well as Secretary Mnuchin, Secretary Shulkin.
I also want to thank our incredible First Lady, Melania. She is with you all the way. (Applause.)
She has worked so hard to make the White House a truly special place for this joyous season. We've done this so many evenings now, and I think we set a record two nights ago. We shook hands for three hours and 25 minutes. That's not fun. Even though I loved the people, that was not fun. (Laughter.)
I am also proud that my beautiful grandchildren -- Arabella, Joseph, and Theodore -- have joined us tonight -- (applause) -- right here as we celebrate with all of you the sacred traditions that they observe each year at home.
This evening we gather to celebrate the story that is told in Jewish homes across the country and all over the world, a story that began more than 2,000 years ago with a tyrant -- made practicing the Jewish faith punishable by death. He desecrated the Jewish temple, including the Holy of Holies. But a small band of Jewish patriots rose up, defeated a mighty army, and soon reclaimed their freedom.
But the miracle of the Maccabees did not end there. As they prepared to rededicate the temple, they found only enough oil to light the lamp for a single night. Soon, all were stunned to find that for eight days, the lamp continued to burn brightly -- a sign of God’s presence in his dwelling place and a symbol of the faith and resilience of the Jewish people. You do have faith and you do have resilience. (Applause.)
The miracle of Hanukkah is the miracle of Israel. The descendants of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob have endured unthinkable persecution and oppression.
But no force has ever crushed your spirit, and no evil has ever extinguished your faith. And that is why the Jewish people shine as a light to all nations. And right now I’m thinking about what’s going on and the love that's all over Israel and all about Jerusalem. (Applause.)
On behalf of all Americans, I also want to say how grateful I am for Jewish congregations throughout our country. You cherish your families, support your communities, and uplift our beloved country.
Hanukkah is a time for Jewish families around the world to celebrate the miracles of the past and promises of the future. We are proud to stand with the people of Israel and to renew our enduring bond.
This evening, we are blessed to have two very special Hanukkah lamps for this celebration. The menorah on my left has been lit every year since the earliest days of our nation. It comes from the First American Jewish Congregation, whose original members came to this land in the 1650s. That's a long time ago. It’s a symbol of the history and home the Jewish people made in the United States. Today, we are honored to have with us the congregation’s 10th spiritual leader since the American Revolution, Rabbi Soloveichik. (Applause.) That wasn’t bad. You think that's an easy one? It’s not. (Laughter.) Thank you, Rabbi, very much for being with us. Thank you, thank you for being with us. We're also -- but he’s so happy with yesterday, that he doesn't care if I get it exact. (Laughter and applause.) Thank you, Rabbi.
We’re also deeply honored that Louise Lawrence-Israëls is here to share this evening with us and to make a few remarks. Louise is a Holocaust survivor. The first three years of her life were spent in hiding in an attic out of Amsterdam, a row house in Amsterdam -- amazing story and amazing situation to be in.
Her family could not light the candles that we’re about to light this evening, but they lit them in their hearts.
On my right is a lamp that survived the Tarnow Ghetto, a city in southern Poland that ravaged and was ravaged by the Holocaust. It will remain unlit in memory of that darkest hour and in order to preserve this relic so that we never, ever, ever forget. And you will never forget.
thank God that a woman who was born into that nightmare of oppression now lives in this land of the free, and that she, along with everyone here tonight, can light the menorah for all the world to see. And the world is watching.
Today, our nation is stronger, and our world is more full of promise -- because of the Jewish people, the State of Israel, and the faith that burns so brightly in your hearts.
May you all have -- (applause) -- thank you, thank you, thank you very much. May you all have a truly blessed and happy Hanukkah. God Bless you and God Bless America. (Applause.) Thank you. And congratulations -- big day, big event, very important. Congratulations to everybody in the room.
I’d like to invite Louise to say a few words. Louise.
7:52 P.M. EST3:08 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. We're all here as a very friendly, well-unified group. It's a well-knit-together group of people. And we hope that we're going to make some great progress for our country. I think that will happen, and we appreciate it very much.
And, Chuck, Nancy, would you say anything -- like to say anything? Chuck?
LEADER SCHUMER: Well, we hope we can come to an agreement. Funding the government is extremely important, helping our soldiers is very important, and helping average citizens is very important.
So we're here in the spirit of: let's get it done.
LEADER PELOSI: Thank you, Mr. President, for this opportunity. We are here to make progress. We have some important issues that we share with you. You have described the opioid crisis in our country, and we want to address that; help our veterans; S-CHIP, children's health insurance; and, again, all things that have bipartisan support in the Congress.
THE PRESIDENT: That's very true. Thank you, Nancy, very much. Mitch.
LEADER MCCONNELL: Mr. President, we're here to reach a bipartisan agreement to finish out the year. And I'm glad that you invited us. I'm happy to be here.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Paul.
SPEAKER RYAN: I'm glad we're here to resume conversations.
THE PRESIDENT: Mike, you have anything?
LEADER SCHUMER: Each person has said less. (Laughter.)
SPEAKER RYAN: One sentence.
THE VICE PRESIDENT: I'm grateful for the leaders of both political parties. This is a time of great opportunity in this country. We're seeing growth at home, but we have many challenges abroad and many challenges facing the American people.
And I'm more confident than ever, Mr. President, with your leadership and with the good faith of all the people in this room, that before this Christmas we'll produce real results for the American people that will make America stronger and more prosperous.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much. I thought that with what's going on in the world, I would bring our great military genius/person along and maybe General Mattis could say a couple of words.
SECRETARY MATTIS: It's an honor to be here with the leaders from the Hill. Sort of the number-one priority for our country is to make certain we protect this Constitution and our way of life. And we've got great bipartisan support. I'm confident we'll walk out of this with it.
THE PRESIDENT: I am too. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.
3:11 P.M. EST2:15 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: These are great men. Thank you for being with us. On this day, 76 years ago, more than 2,000 Americans were killed in a surprise attack on our homeland; hundreds more were injured. Battleships, cruisers, destroyers, and aircraft carriers in our Pacific Fleet at Pearl Harbor suffered crippling losses. Everybody knows about it. America was at war. These folks know about it more than anybody.
As we remember that fateful day, it's an incredible honor to be joined here with surviving veterans of the attack on Pearl Harbor. And you'll be here for the next seven years with me, okay? All right -- seven years. After that, who knows? (Laughter.)
They're heroes, and they're living witnesses to American history. All American hearts are filled with gratitude for their service, their sacrifice, and their presence here today.
These veterans of World War II -- very special men -- are among the very first Americans to fight back in the Second World War. That's really true when you think -- you were the first ones to fight back. That's something to be said. And we did okay. Once we got our act together, we did okay because we know how to win.
Outnumbered and outgunned, they did not hesitate. These six great American patriots answered the call of history: Mickey Ganitch, Jack Holder, Lawrence Parry, Robert Fernandez, George Blake, and Alexander Horanzy.
On that bright Sunday morning, Mickey Ganitch and his shipmates were getting ready to play a game of football against the crew of the USS Arizona for the fleet championship. Where's Mickey? You never got that game, huh? You never got that --
MR. GANITCH: We had a war to fight.
THE PRESIDENT: You better believe it. (Laughter.) I know you won the war. I don't know about football. You won the war.
MR. GANITCH: I'm ready to go, in case we play that game.
THE PRESIDENT: Look at you. You look beautiful. (Laughter.) Boy, oh boy. That's pretty -- can you do that one more time for me? I can't believe it. Boy, that's -- I'm not playing him in football. (Laughter.)
When bombs began to fall, Mickey reported to his battle station in the crow’s nest of the USS Pennsylvania wearing his football uniform and his football helmet, which he threw off because he figured he didn't need it.
That's pretty, pretty great, huh? And you did a hell of a job. You saw something that few people have ever witnessed before, right?
MR. GANITCH: Right.
THE PRESIDENT: Amazing. Thanks, Mickey.
Jack Holder. Jack? Jack -- hi, Jack. Jack Holder survived the enemy’s attack on Ford Island and went on to fly dozens of missions in the Battles of Midway and all along the Solomon Islands. Thank you, Jack, for being here. Appreciate it.
MR. HOLDER: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Very brave guy.
Lawrence Parry carried ammunition to the gunners. In thinking about the lessons of Pearl Harbor, Larry said he hopes “we can build up the military again.”
We are building up the military beyond what you ever thought. It got depleted. You know what happened over the last quite long period of time, but not with us.
Our budget is now going to be higher than ever before. We're building it up again. And we'll do it in your honor. Okay? We're building it up. The best equipment in the world -- we make it. And we're supplying it in very big numbers. Thanks. Thanks. And we're doing a job.
Robert Fernandez. Robert?
MR. FERNANDEZ: Yes.
THE PRESIDENT: Nice seeing you, Robert -- served on the USS Curtiss that delivered return fire against the enemy. And he really gave it to them pretty good. They were very successful at the return fire. Good job. You look like you're about 50 years old. Huh? You must have been very young. (Laughter.) You look great. What is the age?
MR. FERNANDEZ: Ninety-three now.
THE PRESIDENT: Ninety-three? Well, you look great.
George Blake stood watch on the Hawaiian shores, ready to repulse a feared invasion. George, George -- thank you, George. Good. It was pretty wild scene. You'll never forget that, right?
MR. BLAKE: I've never forgotten it.
THE PRESIDENT: Nope, you haven't. And you fought hard.
Alexander Horanzy enlisted in the Army when he was only 17. Alex served throughout the war, but if you tried to call him a hero, he’d tell you he was just a “regular grunt in the service.” That's what he told us -- a "regular grunt." I don't think so. Thank you. Thank you.
MR. HORANZY: (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: Yeah, I know it is. You're not a regular anything. You're a hero. You're a hero. All of you are heroes.
In the weeks and months that took place after the surprise attack -- and that was a vicious surprise attack -- millions of American patriots, like these men, answered the same call and went to war. They fought, they bled, they sacrificed, and they triumphed. Many died to defend America against our enemies and to defeat the enemies of all humanity.
The legacy of that legendary American generation is carved deep into the stone monuments of history. Across the battlefields, oceans, and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war, one great battle cry could be heard by American friends and foes alike: “Remember Pearl Harbor.” Have you heard that before, a couple of times? "Remember Pearl Harbor."
MR. GANITCH: (Singing.)
Remember Pearl Harbor, as you go to meet the foe.
Just remember Pearl Harbor, as we did the Alamo.
We shall always remember how they died for liberty.
Just remember Pearl Harbor, and go on to victory.
(Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: What can I say? Wow, that was good. He's a very shy person, too. (Laughter.) And a great football player.
Today, our entire nation pauses to remember Pearl Harbor and the brave warriors who, on that day, stood tall and fought for America.
As I sign the proclamation making this National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day, I ask that God continue to bless and watch over each of you as very, very special people to our country. And God is watching over you, and we appreciate it. Thank you.
Our surviving World War II veterans are a precious national treasure. So I'm going to sign this proclamation, and we're going to -- I see there's one pen, but we're going to get plenty of other pens and other things for you guys so you remember this day.
And again, we'll do it for another seven years, okay? Seven years. And you all have to promise you're going to be around, right? (Laughter.) We're going to be around. We're going to be around and we're going to be together, okay?
Thank you. Thank you very much. Let's sign the proclamation. Thank you.
[The proclamation is signed.]
2:24 P.M. EST11:37 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Good morning. Thank you very much for being here. America is prospering again at home and being respected once again all over the world. However, we face many serious threats. Lots of things are happening in our country -- lots of very positive things -- but we have some things that we have to talk about.
We're going to be discussing today the situation in North Korea. It will be handled, and it will be handled properly. Many of our brave troops will be spending Christmas overseas. We're thinking about them. We're funding them like they haven't been funded in a long time -- best equipment you can get. Our military is getting stronger, and I expect that very soon, I'll be able to say stronger than ever before. It was very depleted when I got here. It's not going to be depleted any longer.
So I just want to thank everybody. I want to congratulate Kirstjen Nielsen, who was just confirmed yesterday. Been a long wait and we're waiting for a lot of others. All of you are waiting for people, or most of you are waiting for people to come in and help. I know from the standpoint of trade, we're waiting for a lot of our trade representatives to be approved. They just don't want to do it. The Democrats just don't want to give us those people. They delay them as long as possible. They take every single minute they can take. It's not right. But I would like to congratulate our new Secretary of Homeland Security. Kirstjen, good luck.
SECRETARY NIELSEN: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: I'm especially thrilled to report that the Senate passed massive tax cuts and reform. You know about that very well. You've covered it -- for the most part -- accurately, which is surprising for you folks, but that's okay. (Laughter.) We're on the verge of a historic victory that cuts taxes for the middle class, for businesses; brings back, probably, an excess of $4 trillion. As you know, we've been saying $2.5 trillion for years. Well, that number has greatly expanded. And we'll be bringing back an excess of $4 trillion. It will be put to work in our country. There will be a lot of jobs being brought back with that money. Right now that money is being spent overseas. It's not going to be spent overseas anymore.
The House and Senate are now negotiating the final bill, and I cannot wait to sign these giant tax cuts and reforms. I mentioned tax cuts, but it's also reforms. But I'm looking forward to signing it. It will be the largest tax cuts, by far, in the history of our country.
We'll be bringing the business tax from 35 all the way down to 20. At 35, it's the highest in the industrialized world. At 20, we're on the very low side, so we'll be very competitive. You look at China, it's 15 percent. Other countries are 18 percent. Some are 23, 24 percent. The average is actually, of the primary competitors, is actually 23 percent. So we'll be pretty much below the average, and we'll be able to compete.
And despite all of that, and despite -- before we even get this massive injection -- we have a stock market that has hit record highs 81 times since our election victory -- 81 times. It's at a new high right now.
Unemployment is at a 17-year low. Very shortly it's going to be at a 19-year low. We think the numbers are going to continue to go down. And we're also getting into the pool of the 100 million people that are not working. That pool is now coming back. As you know, that's not considered in the low employment numbers, which means we have a lot of people that want to get to work, and that will be working.
Consumer confidence is at a 17-year high. We've created nearly 2 million jobs. Think of that -- 2 million jobs since Election Day. That's based on consumer confidence. That's based on enthusiasm. Every enthusiasm poll, especially for business enthusiasm and job enthusiasm, is at an all-time high.
That's why companies are coming back into our country. They're opening up new plants. Most of you have written about -- Toyota came back in. We have many car companies coming back in. They're going to Michigan, they're going to Ohio, they're going to the states where they want to be. They can go anywhere they want -- South Carolina, North Carolina. But they're going all over our country. They're coming back in. We had many years where we had no new plants; we only had closures. Now we have openings, and that means a lot of jobs.
But to get it going the way I really want, where we have GDP getting up to 4, 5, and even 6 percent -- because I think that's possible. If you look back in your notes, you'll say when I said 4 percent, people said that would be years. Well, it's turned out that I'm right because without the hurricanes this last quarter, we would have hit 4 percent. At 3.3 percent, which was adjusted previously -- this is far beyond what anybody thought it would be at. So we're at 3.3 percent GDP. I see no reason why we don't go to 4, 5, and even 6 percent. And I don't want to go beyond that because then it will be criticized if we don't hit it.
But every time we go up one point, just so you understand, one point means $2.5 trillion, means 10 million jobs. So one point in GDP is an incredible statement. $2.5 trillion for each point, 10 million jobs for each point. And I think we're going to be going up a lot of points.
So in order to really keep it going the way I want and the way we all want around this table, we have to get -- pass our taxes. I call it "the mixer". It's in conference right now, but I call it "the mixer". I think when it comes out, it's going to be a beautiful mix.
There are things that I like better in the Senate bill; there are things that I like better in the House bill. I think when they come out, we'll have some new additions and we'll have the best of each. I think we're going to have a fantastic tax bill.
There are very, very few people that aren't benefitting by it. But there's that tiny little sliver and we're going to try to take care of even that very small group of people that just through circumstances maybe don't get the full benefit of what we're doing. But the middle class gets a tremendous benefit. And business, which is jobs, gets a tremendous benefit.
We'll be giving the Cabinet, today, an update on national security and strategy. We'll also receive briefings on the latest developments in the tax cut negotiations. And Administrator McMahon, who's done a fantastic job at Small Business Administration -- where's Linda? Linda did a really fantastic job -- is helping small businesses in record numbers. And they've needed help, really, because of the hurricanes. The hurricanes were devastating.
As I said, GDP -- if we didn't have the hurricanes we would have hit just about 4 [percent] this last -- but we had -- as you probably know, and probably everybody remembers, we had five really bad ones. And we have a lot of businesses that have been severely hurt and Linda McMahon has done an incredible job in helping those businesses out through the Small Business. So thank you very much, Linda.
So we're in a great period in this country because jobs are coming back, unemployment is low, business has never been stronger. But we have a military that we have to build. I want to thank General Mattis for doing such a great job with respect to ISIS. He's knocked the hell out of them. Of course I've made it possible with what I've let you do, I think. (Laughter.) Wouldn't you say? But he has done a fantastic job.
He and the military have done a fantastic job with ISIS. They're essentially knocked out of Syria, knocked out of Iraq. That's the good news. The bad news -- they go all over the place. And I'll tell you where we don’t want them: We don’t want them here. We don’t want them in our country. Tell them to stay wherever the hell they are. We don’t want them coming back into our country. They do go back into some countries. We don’t want them going into our country. So we're watching that closely.
So I'd like to wish everyone a really great season. I'd like to wish everyone a merry Christmas, happy New Year.
And I will tell you that we have a big announcement coming up at one o'clock. Perhaps a couple of you will be there; maybe not. But it's a big announcement. It's an announcement concerning Israel and the Palestinians and the Middle East. And I think it's long overdue. Many Presidents have said they want to do something, and they didn’t do it. Whether it's through courage or they changed their mind, I can't tell you. But a lot of people have said we have to do something, and they didn’t do it. So we'll be talking about that something at one o'clock, and I look forward to seeing you then.
Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Q Mr. President, what will the decision do? How will it help the peace process, sir?
THE PRESIDENT: We'll talk about it in a little while.
Q Are we going to have a shutdown, Mr. President?
THE PRESIDENT: It could happen. The Democrats are really looking at something that is very dangerous for our country. They are looking at shutting down. They want to have illegal immigrants; in many cases, people that we don’t want in our country. They want to have illegal immigrants pouring into our country, bringing with them crime, tremendous amounts of crime. We don’t want to have that. We want to have a great, beautiful crime-free country. And we want people coming into our country, but we want them to come on our basis. And that's why we're being so careful with our process and our screening.
And, as you know, we had a tremendous victory the other day in the Supreme Court with the ban. It got quite a bit of attention. Probably not as much of attention as it deserved. But we had tremendous -- that was a tremendous victory for this country. Not a victory for me; it was a victory for our country.
So the Democrats maybe will want to shut down the country because they want people flowing into our country. And I want people coming into our country, but I want to vet those people, and I want to vet them very carefully. Because we don’t want to have radical Islamic terrorism in this country, and we don’t want to have crime in this country.
If you look at what just happened in San Francisco, that was a disgrace. And, as you know, the federal government just got involved and did a great thing, because they're going to take that at least to the next step. They did a great thing by getting involved.
So thank you very much. I'll see you all at one o'clock.
END 11:50 A.M. EST2:12 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much. We have four great families -- middle class. I guess at a certain point, you're going to be making so much money you don't really -- not going to know what to do with it, perhaps -- I hope -- Brian.
But we have four terrific families. Some of them have had difficulty. Taxes are too high. Frankly, their healthcare is terrible. The healthcare plan is terrible -- Obamacare. And that will be next. We're a long way toward getting rid of that and getting something very good and very much more affordable -- very big problem.
But for the taxes: They want to see tax cuts. They want to see jobs. They want to have choice. You know, in education we talk about choice. Well, we want choice in jobs also. So you can look for five jobs or six jobs, not just take one because that's all you could get. And that's happening more and more.
have companies moving back into our country. We're doing fantastic -- look at the stock market. Hit another all-time high. I think I heard today was 81 times -- I was saying 60, yesterday -- it's 81 times since the election that we hit a record on the stock market. So we're very proud of that. And that's because of enthusiasm. Enthusiasm levels for business and for the economy are the highest they've been.
So I just want to thank all of you for being here. You're in the Oval Office, and someday you might be President, you never know. (Laughter.) That's a good-looking President. (Laughter.)
But it's an honor to have you all, and thank you very much. And if you'd like to say something, perhaps we'll start with you.
MR. STEORTS: Sure. First, Mr. President, I just want to say it's an honor to be here for our family and I. We come from a -- you know, we're a small military family. I spent 15 years in the military, and I launched the company two years ago. And we're a veteran-owned, operated company -- veteran company.
And, you know, anything that's less complex, with lower rates -- I can't tell you what page 391 of a 500-page tax document says. But what I can tell you is, those funds we can reinvest into our people and into our company, which will enable our mission to continue to hire veterans and to continue to manufacture in America. So that's greatly beneficial to us.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you, Brian. That's very nice. I appreciate it. That's really good.
Well, we're going to get the rates down much lower, and many things are happening. But we're getting those rates way down, way down.
And that's for companies also. We're the highest-taxed industrialized country in the world. Of the major countries, we're the highest taxed, period. And we're bringing that rate down from 35 percent -- which is the highest -- down to 20 percent -- which is among the lower. It's not the lowest, but it's among the lower.
And we'll compete much better with China, where they have a 15-percent rate, and with other countries. We're going to compete much better and it's going to mean a lot more jobs. And a lot of companies are pouring in already, just on the thought of it.
So we're in conference right now, and -- all Republican votes. And we're going to do a -- I call it the "massive tax cut." But it really is tax cuts and tax reforms. Because part of it is simplification, as you said.
MR. STEORTS: Thank you. And I wanted to offer you this. We make everything -- like, at the time when I launched the company, we couldn't find a wooden American flag made in America. We could only find one from China, and that upset me.
THE PRESIDENT: It upsets me too.
MR. STEORTS: So I started woodworking the next day. And when I retired, I launched the company Flags of Valor. And this is made from all of our combat veterans right down the road here in Ashburn, Virginia. And we want to present this to you.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thank you very much. Let me see that. Wow, that's beautiful. Thank you. I know where I'm going to put that. (Laughter.) Thank you very much.
Would you like to say something?
MR. BEARDSLEY: Yeah, Mr. President, thank you very much again. And Merry Christmas, by the way. Thanks for having the families come here. Coming out here to talk about tax reform means a lot to us. I'm a veteran also -- a Green Beret with over 22 years of military service -- a family man, and a small-business owner. We're in textiles, and we celebrate the stories that made this country the greatest country in the world. We love America.
It means a lot to us in seeing the reform. The resurgence in the economy will allow those companies to onshore their business. Like Ryan said, too many things are done offshore.
So having that tax reform, putting the energy back in the consumer is where it belongs. The American enterprise, or the entrepreneur -- those are the ones who built this country. And everything that you do to make taxes easier for us informs and strengthens the rest of America. And we're proud to be part of that this morning.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much. That's really well-stated. We're also working on trade deals. We've had people sitting in this position that have made some of the worst deals I've ever seen in trade. And we're going to be fixing them. We are fixing them. We're negotiating many of them right now. But we're fixing them, and they'll be much more fair to the United States because the United States has not been treated well with our trade deals. We have some very, very bad deals. They're good for everyone but us. And that's changing rapidly, and I know you see that too. Well, you see that with the enthusiasm, you see that with the jobs coming back. So we're getting it all fixed.
Thank you very much.
MR. BEARDSLEY: Thank you, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you.
Yes.
MS. UNRUH: Thank you so much for allowing our families to come and share our thoughts with you today. I'm from North Dakota. I'm a state senator there, and I just wanted to let you know, North Dakotans are known for being hard workers.
THE PRESIDENT: It's true.
MS. UNRUH: And we don't want a handout, we just want relief. We want tax relief. And that is what this plan will give us. Between the state and local tax deduction elimination, we've -- I work very hard as state senator to make sure that our tax burden at the local level is a low one. And so that will level the playing field. We're really excited about that.
I also am a coal miner -- a proud one. I'm an environmental manager for North American Coal. And we are really excited about the corporate-tax reduction. It will allow us to invest more of our company's dollars in domestic energy production, something that we think is very valuable.
Also, the House version of the bill includes an immediate reduction of the renewable wind energy production tax credit. That's also something important to us. The production tax credit has destroyed the energy market, especially in the Midwest. We don't have a lot of electricity produced from natural gas in North Dakota. So wind production has really eroded our state tax base and replaced coal production when it comes to electricity production.
So we're excited about that provision in the House as well. And we're also very thankful for all the regulatory reform we've seen come from your office. We would hope there's more, and look forward to working with you on that. And I think regulatory reform, coupled with tax reform, is exactly what we need to help make America great again.
And, on that note, we have some caps that we've been passing around -- (laughter) -- and I'd be happy if you would take one.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. I still -- we've done that. If you look at what's happened in West Virginia and so many different places, we're sending clean coal. We're sending it out to different places -- China. A lot of coal ordered in China right now. So a lot of things are changing, and they're changing very rapidly.
And West Virginia, actually -- different from your state, but your state is doing very well -- but West Virginia was the second largest increase, percentage-wise, in the country, after Texas on GDP. And, you know, people say, wow, how did that happen? But they're starting to do well in West Virginia, and it's a great state. And they're having a lot of problems. And now, think of that, percentage-wise, the second biggest bump.
That's pretty good in this nation. You wouldn't have believed it, but they're doing great. We're very proud of West Virginia. So, good, thank you very much. That's a very interesting hat. (Laughter.)
MR. WILLIAMS: Mr. President, thank you so much for being here. We bring you greetings from the great state of Indiana where you took one of our finest --
THE PRESIDENT: That's true. That's true.
MR. WILLIAMS: We appreciate that. I work in technology for a tech firm, and we've seen so many jobs that have left and went overseas, and we've seen some of the best talent in the world that's left.
So this tax reform is a huge win for our company. It's significant. It's going to allow us once again to get that top-tier talent; keep them here in the United States working, number one. And number two, we're going to be able to give them, you know, the ability to be able to take that hard-earned income and reinvest it right back into our economy -- it's here to make America great again. So we thank you so much for that opportunity.
THE PRESIDENT: That is so good. Thank you. It's a great state. It's a great, great state too. We appreciate it.
Well, thank you all very much. We appreciate it. And these are great families that are doing well and now they're doing much better, and maybe much better than ever before. A lot of changes have taken place over the last 10 months, and we're very happy to have all of you here.
But seeing what we've been able to do for the country in a short period of time -- because this is nothing compared to what it will be over a period of years. It's all happening, and it's happening a lot faster than anybody projected.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
2:21 P.M. EST12:33 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much. I appreciate everybody coming in.
We had some very late nights getting the tax-cut bill to conference. Last was very smooth, and I think we're going to make it so that it comes out very beautifully. I call it "the mixer." It's a conference where everyone gets together and they pick all the good things and get rid of the things they don't like.
But it's a fantastic bill for the middle class. It's a fantastic bill for jobs and for companies wanting to bring back massive amounts of money into our country. It's really -- I view it more than anything else, is it's a tremendous bill for jobs and for the middle class.
And I think people see that, and they're seeing it more and more. And the more they learn about it, the more popular it becomes. And I think the end result will be even better. We had a choice -- we could have gone directly for a vote, and we decided, though, let's put it into the conference and let's come out with something where everything is perfecto. And that's what we're going to do.
This group of wonderful Republican senators is here to discuss the tax bill -- very important. And we're also going to be talking about trade and NAFTA -- what's going on with the NAFTA negotiations. We have tremendous losses with Mexico and losses with Canada, and covered by NAFTA. Last year, we lost approximately $71 billion in trade deficit; we have a trade deficit with Mexico of $71 billion. With Canada, it was about $17 billion.
We have trade deficits with everybody. Virtually every country in the world we have trade deficits with. And that's going to be changing -- it's already changing -- but it's going to be changing fast. We went to China; we brought back over $300 billion worth of contracts from Asia. It was a very successful trip.
But now we're going to look at NAFTA very seriously. We have Bob Lighthizer here, we have Gary Cohn, and we're already starting the negotiation. Not easy to have an election coming up, so we'll see how that plays. But it's going to be very successful.
So we're going to be talking about trade, we'll be talking about healthcare, we'll be talking about other subjects. The taxes, we're so thrilled about and so popular. And I think something is going to be coming out of conference pretty quickly, as opposed to long term. I think it's going to go pretty quickly. We're all on the same page. There's a great spirit in the Republican Party like I've never seen before -- like a lot of people have said they've never seen before. They've never seen anything like this, the unity.
So I think a lot of very good things are going to happen and it's going to happen very fast. I want to thank you all for being here. And let's have a great lunch, and let's talk about trade. And let's make great trade deals instead of the horrible trade deals that we all got stuck with.
Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody.
Q Mr. President, why did you decide to formally endorse Roy Moore?
THE PRESIDENT: I think he's going to do very well. We don't want to have a liberal Democrat in Alabama, believe me. We want strong borders, we want stopping crime. We want to have the things that we represent, and we certainly don't want a liberal Democrat that's controlled by Nancy Pelosi and controlled by Chuck Schumer. We don't want to have that for Alabama.
Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.
12:36 P.M. ESTSalt Lake City, Utah
12:20 P.M. MST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you to a very special man, Orrin Hatch, for the introduction. And that was truly a nice introduction and I appreciate it.
You are a true fighter, Orrin. And I have to say, I've gotten to know him very well. I've gotten to know a lot of people very well. You meet fighters and you meet people that you thought were fighters but they're not so good at fighting. He's a fighter. We hope you will continue to serve your state and your country in the Senate for a very long time to come. (Applause.)
I want to especially thank you for the tremendous work in ushering massive tax cuts and reform through the Senate. Just happened, and we have a final step to go. And I predict we're going to be very successful. We're talking about massive, massive tax cuts. (Applause.) It's tax cuts and reform, but I always mention tax cuts first because that's what people like to hear.
We're now one huge step closer to delivering to the American people the historic tax relief as a giant present for Christmas. Remember I said we're bringing Christmas back? Christmas is back, bigger and better than ever before. We're bringing Christmas back. (Applause.) And we say it now with pride. Let me just say, to those here today and all across the country: Merry Christmas to everybody. (Applause.) And also, happy holidays and a great New Year. We're going to have a great, great year.
Joining us at this ceremony are many other tremendous leaders from Utah, including your great senator, Mike Lee. Where's Mike? Mike, come! Come here, Mike. Get up here, Mike. (Applause.) He worked along with Orrin and the rest of them. We got it done. Mike, thank you very much. (Applause.)
You want to say something?
SENATOR LEE: It's not every day the President of the United States asks you to take the microphone from him. But I want to say, Mr. President, thank you for your leadership. Thank you for being here. Thank you for standing with the people of Utah. We appreciate it deeply. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Mike.
I also want to recognize your fantastic representatives who are with us -- Rob Bishop, John Curtis, Chris Stewart, and Mia Love. Thank you all. You're here. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
And I have to say, really -- talk about a very special guy that I made Secretary of the Interior. Does he know the interior. He's knows it, he loves it. He loves seeing it and riding on it. Ryan Zinke, who truly believes in protecting America -- he is protecting America. And nobody loves it more. Ryan. (Applause.) Thank you. Just as he protected America as an officer of the legendary Seal Team Six. He's a tough cookie and you've done a great job. Thank you, Ryan.
Governor Gary Herbert. Where is Gary? Come on Gary. Come on, Gary. Get over there, Gary. So they can -- (applause) -- and you’re your wife, the First Lady, is fantastic. Thank you very much. First Lady. Thank you, First Lady.
Attorney General Sean Reyes. Sean, thank you. (Applause.) Thank you. An original supporter of mine. You know, you always remember those original supporters. Greg Hughes. Greg, thank you. (Applause.) He was an original right at the beginning. Thank you, Greg. He had a feeling.
Finally, I want to recognize the members of the local Utah Navajo. Thank you very much. (Applause.) Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Really appreciate it. We're profoundly honored by your presence here today, and I'm thrilled to be here with so many wonderful friends, so many people that saw something a little special and they said, we're with him, and I'm really working hard to put it back. And that's what we're doing today. This magnificent capitol, in your incredible state. And it is special people in a special state. Thank you very much for being here.
I've just come from touring Welfare Square with Senator Hatch and some amazing people from the leadership of the Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter-day Saints. (Applause.) Special. I spent a lot of time with them. In fact, I went around the store, I wanted a nice can of tuna fish -- (laughter) -- and they had plenty. They really help people. Incredible.
After our visit, I can truly say firsthand that Utah’s awesome natural beauty is exceeded only by the warmth and grace and hospitality of its citizens. This state has many natural treasures, but its greatest treasure by far is its people. (Applause.) And we will ensure the right of the people to live according to the faith in their hearts, which is why we will always protect your religious liberty. (Applause.) And we've been doing that.
I know all of you feel blessed to be living among some of the most glorious natural wonders anywhere in the world. You cherish Utah’s gleaming rivers and sweeping valleys. You take inspiration from its majestic peaks. And when you look upon its many winding canyons and glowing vistas, you marvel at the beauty of God’s great creation. (Applause.)
And that is why I'm here today: Because some people think that the natural resources of Utah should be controlled by a small handful of very distant bureaucrats located in Washington. And guess what? They're wrong.
The families and communities of Utah know and love this land the best, and you know the best how to take care of your land. You know how to protect it, and you know best how to conserve this land for many, many generations to come.
Your timeless bond with the outdoors should not be replaced with the whims of regulators thousands and thousands of miles away. They don't know your land, and truly, they don't care for your land like you do. (Applause). But from now on, that won't matter. I've come to Utah to take a very historic action to reverse federal overreach and restore the rights of this land to your citizens. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
But before I began -- because I understood how big it is -- I'm a real estate developer. When they start talking about millions of acres, I say, say it again? That's a lot. So, before I began, I met with Senator Orrin Hatch, who loves Utah and loves the people of Utah. I called Senator Mike Lee, who loves Utah and loves the people of Utah. I called your governor. I called my original -- where is he? There he is. I called all of the friends that I have in Utah. I said, what do you think? I said, will this be good for our country, and will it be good for your state? They said this would be incredible for our country, will be incredible for Utah. Finally, you would be giving people back their access to the land they know, to the land they understand, and most importantly, to the land that they love.
I also said, will it be at all controversial? They all told me no. (Laughter.) How did that happen? I don't think it is controversial, actually. I think it's so sensible.
Therefore, today, on the recommendation of Secretary Zinke, and with the wise counsel of Senator Hatch, Senator Lee, and the many others, I will sign two presidential proclamations. These actions will modify the national monuments designations of both Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante. (Applause.)
As many of you know, past administrations have severely abused the purpose, spirit, and intent of a century-old law known as the Antiquities Act. This law requires that only the smallest necessary area be set aside for special protection as national monuments. Unfortunately, previous administrations have ignored the standard and used the law to lock up hundreds of millions of acres of land and water under strict government control.
These abuses of the Antiquities Act give enormous power to faraway bureaucrats at the expense of the people who actually live here, work here, and make this place their home. This is where they raise their children. This is the place they love.
For example, the previous administration designated more than a half a billion acres of land and water, including Bears Ears. It did so over the loud objections of the people of this state and their elected representatives. Governor -- right?
results have been very sad and very predictable. Here, and in other affected states, we have seen harmful and unnecessary restrictions on hunting, ranching, and responsible economic development. We have seen grazing restrictions prevent ranching families from passing their businesses and beloved heritage on to the children -- the children that they love.
We've seen many rural families stopped from enjoying their outdoor activities. And the fact they've done it all their lives made no difference to the bureaucrats in Washington.
We have seen needed improvements, like infrastructure upgrades and road maintenance, impeded and foreclosed. We have seen how this tragic federal overreach prevents many Native Americans from having their rightful voice over the sacred land where they practice their most important ancestral and religious traditions. (Applause.)
These abuses of the Antiquities Act have not just threatened your local economies; they've threatened your very way of life. They've threatened your hearts.
Our precious national treasures must be protected. And they, from now on, will be protected. (Applause.) Under my administration, we will advance that protection through a truly representative process, one that listens to the local communities that knows the land the best and that cherishes the land the most. (Applause.)
With the action I’m taking today, we will not only give back your voice over the use of this land, we will also restore your access and your enjoyment. Public lands will once again be for public use -- (applause) -- because we know that people who are free to use their land and enjoy their land are the people most determined to conserve their land.
One values the splendor of Utah more than -- I’ll tell you what, there’s nobody out there. I just came in, and I’m looking around with Orrin and with Mike and with the governor and with everybody, and I’m just saying, what a beautiful picture it is. But no one values the splendor of Utah more than you do, and no one knows better how to use it.
With your help in treating our natural bounty with respect, gratitude, and love, we will put our nation’s treasures to great and wonderful use. Families will hike and hunt on land they have known for generations, and they will preserve it for generations to come. Cattle will graze along the open range. Sweeping landscapes will inspire young Americans to dream beyond the horizon. And the world will stand in awe of the artistry God has worked right here in your great state.
Together, we will usher in a bright new future of wonder and wealth, liberty and law, and patriotism and pride all across this great land.
Thank you to the wonderful people of Utah. May God bless you and may God bless America. Thank you very much. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
And in your honor, I will now, with your representatives, sign this very, very important proclamation. Thank you very much, everyone. Thank you. (Applause.)
(The proclamation is signed.)
12:37 P.M. MSTTHE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much for being here. This is very exciting for me. I know so many people that are in your church -- the Latter-day Saints. The job you've done is beyond anything you could think of -- 180 countries, taking care of people the way you take of people, and the respect that you have all over the world.
I would love you to, while the media is here, just say a couple of words of what we just discussed -- all of the care and all of the giving that you've done. And to help people, in particular poor people, would be a good thing. And perhaps they will transmit that to different parts of this country and the world. It's so brilliant to hear it.
MR. EYRING: Thank you, Mr. President. We're here in a place where we have food and materials that we give to the poor. This is simply an example of what we do across the world, the idea being that we think we have an obligation to God to look out for the people who, without our aid, have tragedy in their lives, be it poverty or hunger.
And this is an example of what we do in -- how many faith missions?
MR. CAUSSE: One hundred and twenty facilities in --
MR. EYRING: One hundred and twenty. And would you care a word?
DR. NELSON: I was in China last week, and there I got see what a wonderful job President Trump had done just previously. (Inaudible) because of your visit, Mr. President. And I also happened to walk in on an occasion when the Chinese members of the church were bringing supplies for schoolchildren who didn't have means of getting what they needed to go to school.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, that was very nice. I heard you were there. Formerly a great heart surgeon; one of the best in the world. And he decided to help even more people by doing what you're doing. So we appreciate that.
DR. NELSON: Thank you very much.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you all very much. Appreciate it.
11:38 A.M.8:25 A.M. EST
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: We're going to Utah. We're going to be doing something that the state of Utah and others have wanted to be done for many, many years. It will be one of the great, really, events in this country in a long time. So important for states' rights and so important for the people of Utah. And I know a lot of you are coming out with me. We'll have plenty of time to talk.
The stock market, I think, is going to have a very big day, based on the massive tax cuts that we're very much in the process of getting approved. But based on the vote we had last week, the stock market has been reacting unbelievably well. The only thing that hurts it is the fake news, and there's plenty of that.
So we're heading out to Utah. Again, I know you're coming with me -- a lot of you. We'll have plenty of time to talk today. Thank you.
Q Mr. President, when did you find out that Mike Flynn lied to the FBI?
Q We have not heard yet a reaction to Flynn's guilty plea. (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I feel badly for General Flynn. I feel very badly. He's led a very strong life, and I feel very badly, John.
I will say this: Hillary Clinton lied many times to the FBI and nothing happened to her. Flynn lied and they destroyed his life. I think it's a shame.
Hillary Clinton, on the Fourth of July weekend, went to the FBI, not under oath -- it was the most incredible thing anyone has ever seen. She lied many times. Nothing happened to her. Flynn lied, and it's like they ruined his life. It's very unfair.
Thank you very much.
END
8:26 A.M. ESTPRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much. It's my great honor to have the Crown Prince of Bahrain in the Oval Office. We're doing a lot of business. They're buying a lot of things. I heard $9 billion is thrown about. That's a very nice trip and we appreciate it.
We've had a long relationship and a great relationship, and it will only get better. I can tell you they've been, and you have been, a great friend. And we appreciate it very much, and we appreciate you being at the White House.
HIS HIGHNESS PRINCE SALMAN: Thank you, Mr. President. It's a great honor to be here. This is a very important trip for us. And indeed, we are building on a hundred years relationship between the Kingdom of Bahrain and the United States of America. And the peoples of both countries have benefitted from this relationship, and we continue to seek ways to strengthen that.
And thank you, Mr. President, for honoring me with this meeting.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: It's a great honor, believe me. Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody.
Q Do you want Rex Tillerson on the job, Mr. President?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: He's here. Rex is here.
Q He's here. Do you want him to stay --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.
END
11:13 A.M. ESTSt. Charles Convention Center
St. Charles, Missouri
2:22 P.M. CST
THE PRESIDENT: I told you that we would be saying, merry Christmas again, right? (Applause.) And it's great to be back in Missouri -- a sign of a lot of good things because you're doing really well.
And I want to thank Governor Greitens and Attorney General Hawley, who -- by the way, Josh -- where's Josh? Josh, our next senator. Where is he? (Applause.) He's going to be a great senator. And he wants to see a major tax cut. I think I can speak for him, right? (Applause.) And your current senator does not want to see a tax cut. That's not good. That's not good. She wants your taxes to go up.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE PRESIDENT: Secretary Mnuchin, who's doing such a fantastic job -- (applause) -- thank you -- and Linda McMahon. Everybody knows Administrator -- small business, became a big business under Linda. She's helping a lot of people. Thank you very much, Linda. (Applause.)
I especially want to thank Missouri's incredible congressional delegation: Sam Graves -- where's Sam? You all here? Yeah. They all flew in with me. They wouldn't miss that flight. Vicky Hartzler. Vicky, thank you. Thank you, Vicky.
Billy Long, who I think was my first endorser in the entire country, practically, Billy, right? Thank you, Billy.
Blaine Luetkemeyer. Blaine, thank you, Blaine. (Applause.) And he was great on television today. I watched him -- I got up early and I watched you on -- that was a good interview. Thank you. He's very much in favor of tax cuts.
Jason Smith and Ann Wagner. Thank you, Jason. Thank you, Ann. (Applause.)
And, you know, I have two others. I have a lot of faith in Faith, Sally Faith. Where's Sally, your mayor? (Applause.) Hi, Sally. Thanks, Sally. And Eric Schmitt, Missouri state treasurer. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you, Eric. You're doing a great job.
Just three months ago, we came to this state to launch our plan to bring back Main Street by cutting taxes for American families and small businesses. Today, I've come back to this incredible state to spend an afternoon with its amazing citizens -- you are amazing -- to help push our plan for historic tax cuts right across that finish line. We're going to do that.
With your help, we can usher in a thrilling new era of opportunity and growth for this nation that we love so much. Tax cuts have already passed the House of Representatives. (Applause.) Big ones. Big ones. The eyes of the world now turn to the United States Senate.
A successful vote in the Senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the American people. Massive tax cuts and reform. I don't even mention the word reform because people don't know exactly what we're talking about.
You know, for years, they have not been able to get tax cuts -- many, many years, since Reagan. And the problem was they talked about tax reform, not tax cuts. I said, don't call it "reform," call it "tax cuts and reform." So every once in a while we'll add the name "reform." But it's tax cuts.
We cannot sit -- (applause.) Right? The Governor agrees.
We cannot sit idly by and watch ourselves losing in competition to other countries as they continue to take away our jobs because their tax codes are more competitive and less burdensome than ours. That's why we must cut our taxes, reduce economic burdens, and restore America's competitive edge. We're going to do that, too. And it's already happening. Look what's happening with our markets. People get it. (Applause.)
If we do this, then America will win again like never, ever before. (Applause.) A vote to cut taxes is a vote to put America first again. We want to do that. We want to put America first again. (Applause.) It's time to take care of our workers, to protect our communities, and to rebuild our great country. (Applause.)
You know, we've spent almost $7 trillion in the Middle East over the last 16 years -- $7 trillion. Now, I'm taking care of it. We're doing numbers like ISIS has never seen before. We're wiping them out -- terrorists, they're bad. (Applause.)
And all of that, but we've spent almost $7 trillion. We could have rebuilt our country four times over. And we're going to start spending here. We're going to start spending here. (Applause.)
And with that being said, we're going to protect our country, whether it's North Korea or any -- but we're going to protect our country like never before. We're going to build up our military and make our product here and make our planes, and our boats, and our everything here. But we're going to build up our military. (Applause.)
But we've got to start focusing on our country. That's why I'm saying America first. Make America great again -- you've never heard that expression. (Applause.) All those hats. All those -- they've never heard that expression before.
Oh, that was a good expression and it's a true expression and it's already happening and long ahead of schedule. And in fact, today, some numbers came out that people haven't seen in many, many years.
This beautiful city of St. Charles is the perfect place to deliver the message that I want to deliver. It’s the place where America’s past and future come to life on its historic brick-lined Main Street. Nice street, do you agree? (Applause.)
It was along these very streets that, in 1804, the great American explorers, Lewis and Clark, gathered their final supplies before setting out on their very historic expedition of discovery. I have to say, I didn't really know that until two days ago. (Laughter.)
See? See, now the world is watching. Look at all the fake news back there. They're all --
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE PRESIDENT: They're all watching.
Today, more than two centuries later, a new generation of American pioneers begins its own adventure, gathering inside the startups and the storefronts of main streets across the country, blazing new trails into totally uncharted territory of business and technology, and once again leading our nation into a future of limitless potential.
That's what we have in this country. We have the greatest people. It's the greatest country. I love this country so much. (Applause.)
Our country was not treated properly for a long time. We're treating it properly. We're treating it with love and with this. You got to treat it with this.
And today, just as it's always been, Main Street is the heart of our economy, the soul of our community, and the birthplace of American dreams.
But over the years, crippling taxes, massive regulation, and totally disastrous trade deals -- oh, the trade deals. Oh, I get a headache thinking about who made these deals. (Laughter.) One after another. WTO, NAFTA, the wonderful deal with South Korea -- remember, they said it's going to produce 200,000 jobs? And it did, for South Korea. (Laughter.) Didn't produce -- we lost 200,000 jobs. It turned some of our businesses' main streets into empty ghost towns. You see what's happened.
Now we have a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to restore American prosperity and reclaim America's great destiny. We've already made tremendous progress -- far greater than I would have thought. I will tell you this in a non-braggadocious way -- (laughter) -- there has never been a 10-month President that has accomplished what we have accomplished. That I can tell you. That I can tell you. (Applause.)
Today, again, the stock market has reached another record, all-time high. (Applause.) The unemployment rate nationwide is the lowest it's been in 17 years -- (applause) -- and 13 states this year have seen unemployment drop to the lowest levels in the history of their state. And I hate to tell you, but Missouri happens to be one of them. (Applause.)
We've created nearly 2 million jobs -- 2 million jobs, think of that. We used to lose millions. Now we've created 2 million jobs since I won the election. And, I want to say, since you won the election. I didn't win the election; you won the election. (Applause.)
And we will create countless more if we can sustain the 3 percent growth rate we have achieved for the past two quarters. But we're going to do much better than that. Remember I used to say, we can hit 4 and we can hit 3? And they were all saying, forget it, forget it. It was 1.2. It was doing terribly. We were flat. We were even. In all fairness, the stock market was going this way.
And now, we're hitting numbers that nobody thought possible, certainly not in this time. And the numbers going up are going to be much better than anybody anticipates. In fact, they're going to say that Trump is the opposite of an exaggerator -- the exact opposite. (Laughter and applause.) They're going to start saying, Governor, that he ought to be a little bit more optimistic because his predictions were low, can you believe it?
You know, a year and a half ago, they were saying, oh, he can't do that. Now they're saying, hm, that was quick. (Laughter.)
But by the way, the Commerce Department announced this morning that our GDP -- that's the big one -- in the third quarter, grew even faster than they reported previously. They made a mistake, they were too low. They had it at 3 percent. By the way, 3 percent -- did you ever think you'd hear that in less than a year?
AUDIENCE: No!
THE PRESIDENT: And now it comes in at 3.3 percent, which is the largest increase in many years. (Applause.)
And if we didn't have the hurricanes, we would have been at 4 percent. The hurricanes were devastating. And I said, they're worth a point. They said they were worth like .006, but I said they were worth a point. We would have been at 4 percent, maybe even over 4 percent, but we had hurricanes.
We took care of them. In Texas and Florida, they did a great, great job -- amazing job, tremendous leadership. And we're very proud.
Puerto Rico has been a very tough situation because of the fact that it was in very, very bad shape before the storms ever hit. But they're doing well there and it's healing and it's getting better. And we're getting them power, and all of the things that they have to have.
But I want to tell you there are a lot of brave people in every state. We have great, great people, and it's our number one resource, believe me. Really great. (Applause.)
But in order to achieve this bright and glowing future, the Senate must pass those tax cuts. Bring Main Street roaring back -- and that's what's going to happen. This was all done without the tax cuts, and I'm not sure that people even believe the tax cuts. I want to see what happens.
And the big day will be either tomorrow or the next day. I would say do it now. We're ready. (Laughter.) I said to the Republicans -- and I want to tell you, these are good people. They really want a -- I know they get hit hard, the senators and the congressmen -- but they're all working hard. It's not so easy. It's complicated stuff. It's not so easy.
But we had an incredible session yesterday. And I think we're there. That's why I said, let's do -- can we do the vote today? What do I know? I'm a business guy. Can we do the vote now? Well, they said, how about Friday? I said, I don't want to wait until Friday. (Laughter.) Right, Billy? I said, Billy, can we do the vote? Get me the vote.
Well, Billy has already passed it, so -- and then what happens, if it passes it goes into this beautiful committee -- this beautiful -- I call it a pot. And we mix it up, and we stir it up, and we bring all the best things out, and you're going to have something, I predict, that will be really, really special.
So, right now -- (applause) -- really is.
So right now, America's tax code is a total dysfunctional mess. The current system has cost our nation millions of American jobs, trillions and trillions of dollars, and billions of hours wasted on paperwork and compliance. It is riddled with loopholes that let some special interests -- including myself, in all fairness. This is going to cost me a fortune, this thing -- believe me.
Believe me, this is not good for me. (Laughter.) Me, it's not so -- I have some very wealthy friends -- not so happy with me, but that's okay. You know, I keep hearing Schumer, "This is for the wealthy." Well, if it is, my friends don't know about it. (Laughter.) I have to explain why.
Now it is great for companies, because companies are going to bring back jobs. And we're lowering the rates very substantially. But right now, we're bringing the rates down from 35 percent -- which is totally non-competitive. The highest industrialized nation in the world, by far, and we're bringing it all the way down to 20 percent. (Applause.)
But that's good for everybody in the room, whether you have company or whether you want a job, because we're going to bring back jobs. (Applause.)
And what we've had is a massive giveaway to foreign countries, which encourage businesses to relocate offshore. And you've seen what's happened.
Before this -- this is, really, I'm most proud, because, as bad as our tax code is, we have Toyota, we have big car companies coming back in, building plants in Michigan and other places. We have a lot of businesses coming back in, and they see what's happening. They see what's going on.
That's why they're doing -- our current code is a giant -- and really it is -- it's a self-inflicted economic wound. It's been that way for so many years and nobody wanted to do anything about it.
But all that will change and it will change immediately if Congress sends a tax cut and reform bill. The biggest tax cut in the history of our country -- bigger than Reagan. If they send it to my desk, I promise all of the people in this room -- my friends, so many friends in this room. It’s a great state. I promise you I will sign it. I promise. I will not veto that bill. There will be no veto. (Applause.)
Under the plan moving forward in the Senate, a typical family of four earning $75,000, as an example, will see their taxes go down by as much as $2,000. That's a lot. (Applause.)
Now, we're doing that not just to help people. We're doing that because it helps our country. You're going to take that $2,000 and maybe you’ll save some, and you're going to spend some. And we're going to make product back in our country again. It’s going to be made here -- going to be made elsewhere. But it’s going to be made here. We're opening up plants. We're opening up factories, and we're going to be great to small business. Wait until you see the final product. Wait until you see what finally comes out in what I call the mixer.
The beating heart of our plan is a tax cut for working families. That's what it is. We're going to make sure -- (applause) -- that you keep more of your hard-earned money. We're going to make sure, also, that you have a job that you want. You're going to have choice. In education we now have choice. Good word. Here you're going to have a choice. You're not just going to have one -- you're going to have a choice of many jobs. People are moving back into our country.
Under our plan, the first $12,000 of income earned by a single individual will be totally income-tax-free -- zero. (Applause.) And a married couple won’t pay one dime of income tax on their first $24,000 of income -- zero. (Applause.)
Our plan will significantly increase the child tax credit and make it available to more middle-class families because the single most important investment our nation can make is in our children. Do we agree? You agree? You better agree. (Applause.)
Families will also benefit from a new credit for other dependents like a child in college, or an elderly loved one. We have our mothers, our fathers. You have your grandparents. You have people that are elderly that have done a fantastic job. They've grown old. You want to help them. Now we are going to help you help them. (Applause.)
We're also going to eliminate tax breaks and complex loopholes taken advantage of by the wealthy. Who are they? I don't know. (Laughter.) I think my accountants are going crazy right now. It’s all right. Hey, look, I’m President. (Laughter.) I don't care. I don't care anymore. I don't care. (Laughter and applause.)
Some of my wealthy friends care. Me? I don't care. This is a higher calling. Do we agree? (Applause.) As Hillary said, what difference does it make? It made a difference. It made a big difference. It made a big, big difference. (Applause.)
We want a tax code that is simple and fair, and that's for all Americans. The plan that senators will be voting on this week -- hopefully as soon as possible -- closes the loopholes that corporations use to shift their profits to tax havens, and it eliminates deductions for CEO salaries over $1 million. You see what some of these people are making -- a little ridiculous. (Applause.)
I’m driving up their stock. They're making a fortune. Then they go to their board, and they tell everybody what a great job they're doing. But what am I going to do? (Laughter.) And many of them, honestly, I don't like. (Laughter.) Oh, some of these bankers I don't like them, and they're making a fortune, and it’s one of those things.
Steve knows a couple of them that I’m talking about, doesn't he? (Laughter.) They say what a great job they do. Right now anybody could do their job because we're making it easy for them because we're giving them a great and strong economy. And because we've cut regulations more than any President in the history of this country by far, and that's for full terms. That's not for 10 months. (Applause.)
And it allows builders to build, and it allows farmers to farm. You know what I’ve done for farmers. (Applause.) Where if you had a little puddle in the middle of your field, you go to jail if you touch it, right? You know what I’m talking about. Not anymore. Not anymore. Not anymore. (Applause.)
And it allows bankers to lend. It allows bankers to lend again. So many people came up to me, and they said, we had a 20-year relationship with a bank. We never had a default. We never had a bad loan. Now we go back to the bank, and they say, we can't do business with you anymore.
Because they don't qualify, even though they're better than the people that do qualify. It's incredible. But we're back to the strong days of our banks. And not the days of trouble -- pre-that -- we're back to the -- where bankers can make loans and community bankers can make great loans to good people.
You saw what happened recently where the certain agency or bureau that was causing so much trouble to lenders, where they could not lend. They just couldn't lend. It was devastating. They were going out of business. Well, we're taking care of that. We've already taken care of a big part of it, and yesterday you saw we won the lawsuit. So that's going to be taken care of automatically. (Applause.) Got to get back to business.
Our focus is on helping the folks who work in the mailrooms and machine shops of America -- the plumbers, the carpenters, the cops, the teachers, the truck drivers, the pipe fitters -- the people that like me best. (Laughter.) Actually, the rich people actually don't like me, which is sort of interesting.
And that's fine. You know what? I like that trade. (Laughter.) But really, the people that like me best are those people -- the workers. They're the people I understand the best. Those are the people I grew up with. Those are the people I worked on construction sites with. (Applause.)
All of the people who give their best each and every day to take care of their family and the country that they love -- these are incredible people. They came out to vote for me. They came out to vote for us. People that worked hard, two jobs, three jobs, that hadn't voted in many years because they never had anybody they wanted to vote for.
And they came out -- I'll never forget, in Tennessee, a great congressman told me -- they had early voting -- said, I'll tell you what, we just went through four days of early voting. At that time, it was Mr. Trump. Now they say, Mr. President. But it was Mr. Trump.
He said, and if the other parts of the country are like what's happening in Tennessee -- people are coming from all over Tennessee. They haven't voted in years, and now they've got Trump shirts and they've got Trump hats, and they've got Trump-Pence, and they've got everything Trump and Trump-Pence.
And he said, I've never seen anything like it, and I've been a politician for a lot of years. And if it's anything like Tennessee, you're going to have one hell of a victory. It turned out to be a lot like Tennessee, so -- (applause). And it turned out to be a lot like Missouri. That I can tell you. (Applause.) Because we had a big one here.
And I promised Josh that, when he gets it going -- and he's got it in very good shape, from what I hear, he's a popular -- everybody said, Josh, got to be Josh. Everyone who saw me -- I said, who's going to run against her? Josh, Josh. I said, Josh, when you're ready, you have my word, I'm going to come here and campaign with you. We got to get you in. Okay? (Applause.) Got to get you in.
It's not enough for the middle class to keep getting by; we want them to start getting way ahead. (Applause.) We're going to have them start getting way ahead.
Under our plan, middle-class families will not only see their tax bill go down, they will see their incomes go up by an average of around $4,000. (Applause.) And that's because we're going to cut taxes on American businesses so they will compete for workers, they'll raise salaries. The business is going to be happy and the workers are going to be happy and the country is going to be a happy place.
Although, we're going to have very strong borders. Please remember that, okay? Please remember. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Build the wall.
THE PRESIDENT: We're going to have the wall. Don't worry about it, we're going to have the wall. (Applause.) We don't forget that wall. A lot of people say, now that he got elected, is he going to build the wall? The answer is, absolutely -- more so, I think more so. (Applause.)
It's not easy dealing with the Democrats. They want to have people pour into our country -- illegals. They don't care where the hell they come from. They want to have them pour into our country, they want to raise your taxes, they don't want to take care of your military, and all they're good at, frankly, is obstructing. They want to obstruct.
But you know what? They may obstruct, but we have gotten through all of the obstruction so far. We'll keep it going, believe me. (Applause.)
Today, America has one of the least competitive tax rates on planet Earth -- 60 percent. Think of that: 60 percent higher than the average in the developed world. So our taxes are 60 percent higher.
On my recent trip to Asia, every single one of the countries I visited, even those with communist governments, have slashed its corporate tax rates and slashed them dramatically. And it's very tough competition anyway. But when their taxes are a lot lower, it really makes it very tough.
And that trip was a tremendous success. You know, we brought back $250 billion in contracts. That's going to be over a trillion dollars very soon. (Applause.) That's a good week and a half's work. Boeing came back with contracts. So many of our companies came back, and I'm very proud of them. And we're doing great.
But at the same time, we're going to fix trade because trade is unfair. We're getting killed on trade. So we're going to fix our trade. Unless anybody would like to continue with this horrible situation that we have.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE PRESIDENT: Our plan gets America from the back of the pack and it'll bring us right to number one, where we were for years but where we haven't been for decades. We're going to be right back at number one. (Applause.)
And we're going to work on trade, but we're also going to work on military. When we defend nations that are very wealthy, and we do it for almost nothing, I say, why are we defending them? We love them. I won't mention names, but there are a lot of them. We love them. They're wealthy.
One of them has a cash flow that they say is unsustainable, it's so large. Think of that. How would you like to have an unsustainable cash flow? They don't know what to do with their money. And we defend them. It's going to change, folks. We're going to defend them, but they're going to treat us fairly. And they're going to pay for their defense. Does that make sense? (Applause.)
And a lot of this is from many, many years ago, when we defended a defeated country and then they became strong and they became rich and we just kept the same defense. What happened? Why didn't anybody go in and negotiate?
And when I was in Asia, I spoke to a couple of the countries about it, and they looked like this. Do you know what this is? (Laughter.) That means they know they're getting away with murder and they got to start helping us out, okay? So if you don't mind, I'll start bringing that up with some of our good friends. (Applause.)
We're going to lower our tax rate to the very competitive number of 20 percent, as I said. And we're going to create jobs and factories will be pouring into this country, and they already are starting. A lot of people think it's going to happen. I don't want to say anything. I'm not going to talk about it. I thought we had healthcare, and we will have healthcare. It's going to happen. As soon as we get the taxes, we work on the healthcare, we're going to happen. Because we thought we had the votes and something happened a little strange -- (laughter) -- that's okay.
When you lose by one vote, then it's called -- you go back. You know, some people said, oh, you failed with healthcare. I said, what do you mean we failed? We didn't fail. And by the way, what happened -- what happened is Obama took a long time -- years -- to get Obamacare, right? Again, ten months? We've had two runs at it. We're coming closer, closer. I think now we have a plan that's going to be great. But we're not talking about it until after taxes. And then we take care of healthcare.
Then we will have done tax cuts, the biggest in history; healthcare, phenomenal healthcare. I know you don't want this -- welfare reform. Does anybody want welfare reform? (Applause.) And infrastructure. But welfare reform -- I see it and I've talked to people. I know people, they work three jobs and they live next to somebody who doesn't work at all. And the person who's not working at all and has no intention of working at all is making more money and doing better than the person that's working his and her ass off. And it's not going to happen. Not going to happen. (Applause.)
So we're going to go into welfare reform, unless Billy doesn't want it. Billy, am I okay in saying that I speak for you? He said, yes.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: We love you, Billy. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: You got a lot of friends out there, Bill.
Well, we'll also cut taxes for the millions of small businesses that file as individuals, and that's going to come out of the hopper. (Applause.) It's getting there and it's going to be better and better. We're reducing the tax burden on businesses of all sizes and of every, single kind.
As a candidate, I pledged to fight for American jobs. I think it's possibly the number one reason I got elected. And I think we've done a lot better, at this point, than anybody ever even thought possible. Think of that, two million jobs since the election -- two million more jobs in this country since the election. Nobody expected that. Nobody expected that. Excuse me, I didn't even expect that. (Laughter.)
But you cut those regulations and you give people spirit and incentive. And when you have the highest ratings, in terms of confidence, that the country has had in many, many years -- maybe ever -- things happen.
The tax cut will mean more companies moving to America, staying in America, and hiring American workers right here. So that's so important, right? (Applause.)
Small business groups across our nation, retailers, restaurants, manufacturers, grocers, contractors support this plan. We have tremendous support for this plan. Tremendous. Because these massive tax cuts will be rocket fuel -- (laughter) -- Little Rocket Man -- (laughter) -- rocket fuel for the American economy. (Applause.) He is a sick puppy.
Cassandra Porlier -- where is she? Where is Cassandra? She’s around here. Hello, Cassandra. I met you back there.
She and her mother, Teri -- hi, Teri -- they own a jewelry store on Main Street right here in St. Charles. They make really beautiful handmade jewelry. I got to see some of it. I would have taken it in my previous life. But now if I do, they don't like that. (Laughter.) We're not allowed to take jewelry, right? But they make it right here in the heartland. It’s beautiful. Our tax plan will ensure that Cassandra can keep growing her business, keep creating jobs, keep giving back to the community that she loves, and just make her more and more successful.
I assume you like that, right? Good.
Randy Schilling is also here. Where’s Randy? Randy -- hello, Randy. (Applause.) He’s the founder of O.P.O. -- that's an interesting name. It’s called O.P.O. Startups and a member to dozens of small businesses in the St. Charles area. He’s a mentor. He really mentors a lot of the businesses, and he’s respected.
He also did a terrific job renovating the old post office on Main Street, something I know something about -- old post offices. Did he do a good job, by the way? I hear. (Applause.)
They said yes, Randy. If he did a bad job, I’m going to stop right now and just say, good luck, Randy. (Laughter.) They said you did a good job. I know you did.
Randy knows firsthand how the high tax burden is holding America’s small businesses back, and our tax cut plan will unleash them to thrive like never before. He understands our plan, which will provide relief from the horrible, crushing, unfair estate tax, also known to many as the death tax. (Applause.)
We want to make it easier for loving families to pass on their life’s work to their children. Be nice. Be very nice, right? (Applause.)
That's a tough one. The Democrats fight that one I think harder than any other thing that we're doing. They fight the death tax. They don't want it. They don't like it. They don't want it. It’s one of those things. But that is one of the hardest things. I have to be -- I see people right here. They're obviously very rich, and they love their children, right, in this group? (Laughter.) They love their children. They're very rich. They want to pass on what they have without having to have the kids sell the property, mortgage up half of it. But the biggest problem we have on that one, these Democrats are being brutal. And I call them obstructionists, but they want to stop the estate tax. They want to stop the death tax from being rescinded. But we're going to try our best on that one.
Our economy will receive another enormous boost as trillions of dollars in wealth that's parked overseas will be able to come back to our country.
Now, this one that's interesting because for years Republicans and Democrats agreed. You have Apple, and you have these great companies having billions and billions of dollars overseas. Now who doesn't want the money to come back?
But to show you the lack of leadership that this country had in the past, the Republicans want it, and the Democrats want it. And nothing ever happened. You could have passed that one easy. In fact, we're just throwing it into this bill. I could have had a separate bill on that one -- I think. Don't you agree, fellas? I could have had a separate bill on that one and gotten it passed in record time. But I figured I’d put it here because it is actually popular.
But it used to be $2.5 trillion. You know what that is? Trillion. Money you can't bring back in. It’s prohibitive -- both in complexity and in the amount of tax you have to pay. So nobody brings back in -- $2.5 trillion. But $2.5 [trillion] I’ve been saying for six years. I think now it’s $4 trillion to $5 trillion. All that money is coming back into the United States, and it’s going to be invested in our country, instead of sitting and helping others. We want our own help. (Applause.)
That's sort of an easy one. Last year, American multinational companies left more than 70 percent of their foreign profits overseas because the current tax system penalizes them for bringing that money back home. They actually get penalized. Our plan switches to a territorial tax system that encourages companies to return their profits to America -- right here to the United States -- where that money belongs going back to work for you. Territorial. (Applause.)
If we want America to thrive in the 21st century, then we must stop running from the competition. And instead, we must start totally winning and winning and winning again. Remember when I used to say: We're going to win so much. We're going to win -- that the people of Missouri are going to go to your governor, and they're going to say, Governor, please, go see the President. We can't stand winning so much. Remember I used to say that? (Laughter.) Right? I used to say it, and that's what’s happening. That's what’s happening. (Applause.)
And then the governor is going to come to that beautiful historic Oval Office. He’s going to say to me, Mr. President, the people of Missouri cannot stand all this winning. (Laughter.) They don't want to win so much. They love the old way where they had lousy job numbers, lousy economic numbers, lousy -- yeah, they loved it. Please, Mr. President, please, not -- and I’ll say, Governor, I don't care what they say in Missouri, we're going to keep winning and winning and winning. Remember? (Laughter.) That's right. (Applause.)
I used to say that. I had fun with that. But we are winning. We're winning again. We're winning a lot bigger than anyone ever thought possible for such a short period of time.
For too long, our tax code has incentivized companies to leave our country in search of lower tax rates. It happens. Many, many companies --- they're going to Ireland. They're going all over. They're going all over Asia. But they're stopping because they now want to take advantage of what's happening and what we're about to pass, hopefully.
My administration rejects the offshoring model. In other words, let's build a factory in another country. Isn't that wonderful? That really helps us a lot. Fire everybody, and let's build a product, and let's send it in, without tax, back into the United States.
That model doesn't work for me. It never worked, and it shouldn't have worked for any of our other past Presidents, believe me. (Applause.)
Our new model is the American model. Call it the Trump model, where we build it here. As much as possible, we build it here. Simply put, our tax plan is anti-offshoring and 100 percent worker, 100 percent worker, 100 percent pro-America. (Applause.)
Under the American model, we're reducing burdens on our businesses as long as they do business in our country. Okay? They do business here.
Now, we love Mexico. It's a wonderful place. But I don't like when our car companies move to Mexico, fire everybody, build the same car in Mexico, send it through our borders with no taxes, no nothing, and we buy the car. Same price. We buy the car.
In the meantime, what do we get out of it? We get no tax and we get unemployment all over. That's stopping. So now the plants are starting to move back. And now there's a price to pay when they do that little number on us. (Applause.) That's how we will all succeed and we grow together as one team, one people, as one American family. (Applause.)
This week’s vote can be the beginning of the next great chapter for the American worker.
To summarize: Our plan cuts taxes for the working and middle-income families; it nearly doubles the amount of income taxed at the rate of zero; it lowers tax rate; it expands the child tax credit; it provides relief from the estate tax, also known as the death tax; it cuts small business taxes; it reduces the corporate rate from 35 percent all the way down to 20 percent; and it provides a one-time low tax rate to return corporate money parked overseas -- trillions and trillions of dollars.
This is the right plan. This is the right time. We have a moment in time. The Republicans have the Senate. The Republicans have the House. The Republicans have the White House. It's very unusual. It's very unusual. (Applause.)
This is our chance to free our economy from our workers -- from the terrible tax burdens. We have workers that are so burdened with taxes. We're freeing our workers from those terrible burdens.
Republicans in Congress campaigned on cutting taxes. We also campaigned on repeal and replace. It's going to happen. It's going to happen. Take your time, it's going to happen -- going to happen. (Applause.)
Many Democrats have promised tax cuts that don't mean anything because they really want major tax increases. Senator Claire McCaskill -- have you ever heard of her?
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE PRESIDENT: -- is doing you a tremendous disservice. She wants your taxes to go up. She's weak on crime, she's weak on borders, she's weak on illegal immigrations, and she's weak on the military. Other than that, I think she's doing a fantastic job. (Laughter.)
But now comes the moment of truth. In the coming days, the American people will learn which politicians are part of the swamp and which politicians want to drain the swamp. (Applause.)
If you make your voices heard and call up your congressmen -- and they've been terrific -- and call up your senators -- and they have been totally terrific. Most of them have been incredible. They really are. They're friends of mine. They've been incredible.
But, it doesn't take much. That's why we need more. We need to have a larger number. But most of them have been incredible. But call your senators. Call you congressmen, because we have no choice. We have to act. We have to act as a country. This isn't good for the Republican Party; this is good for the country and that's ultimately what's it all about. (Applause.)
So, this week, hopefully, the Senate can join the House and take that strong stand for middle-class families and for business, and for jobs, and for competition, and for bringing money back. Together, we will give the American people a big, beautiful Christmas present. (Applause.)
And remember, I was the one -- when I was here last time, I said, we're going to have Christmas again. I was the one that said, you go to the department stores and you see "Happy New Years," and you see red, and you see snow, and you see all these things. You don't see "Merry Christmas" anymore.
With Trump as your President, we are going to be celebrating Merry Christmas again, and it's going to be done with a big, beautiful tax cut. (Applause.)
Thank you everybody. God bless you. Thank you. Thank you everybody. Thank you very much.
3:06 P.M. CST3:41 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. As you probably have heard, and some of you have reported, a missile was launched a little while ago from North Korea.
I will only tell you that we will take care of it. We have General Mattis in the room with us, and we've had a long discussion on it. It is a situation that we will handle.
With that being said, Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi did not show up for our meeting today. I'm not really that surprised. We have a lot of differences. They're weak on crime, they're weak on illegal immigration. They want the illegal folks to come pouring into our border and a lot of problems are being caused, although we've stopped it to a large extent as much as you can without the law, which we're going to get.
Before this meeting and before this missile launch, they've been weak on military. In terms of spending, they're very hard to get the military -- they want it for a lot of other things, but the military is always secondary to them. The military, to me, is number one. We won't be here without our powerful military, and we're building it up stronger, bigger, better than ever before. And General Mattis can testify to that.
And the other thing: They want tax increases, and we want major tax decreases. So they decided not to show up. They've been all talk and they've been no action, and now it's even worse. Now it's not even talk. So they're not showing up to the meeting.
I will say this: In light of the missile launch, probably they'll be here fairly quickly, or at least discussions will start taking place fairly quickly.
I think we're in a very good position in terms of the meeting we just had over at the Capitol with the Republican senators. It was outstanding. I think we have tremendous support. I was just informed by Mitch that we had a unanimous vote -- from the Republican side at least -- we had a unanimous vote on the tax bill. And it goes now the next step, and I think we're going to get it passed. I think it's going to pass. And it's going to be very popular.
It's going to have lots of adjustments before it ends, but the end result will be a very, very massive -- the largest in the history of our country -- tax cut. And lots of good things are going to happen, including the bringing back to our country of -- probably will end up being over $4 trillion -- money offshore that's stagnant that companies -- they're just not able to bring it back. So I think it's going to be a number over $4 trillion.
Corporate will be able to compete now against the world. If you look at China, if you look at so many other countries, if you look at many of the countries, China is at 15 percent. They're lower than us. We're getting it down to a level that is either going to be lower or right in the ballpark so we can compete much better with our companies -- our great, great companies. And that means jobs and it means lots of other things.
I'm very happy to see that the consumer confidence level is just about the highest it's ever been. If fact -- I don't want to make any mistakes in front of the press because you'll get me on it -- but to the best of my knowledge, it's the highest it's ever been. Consumer confidence has been setting records. They have confidence in the people leading their country.
And, I will say, that I think it's going to go better and better, and I do believe this vote on taxes, which are really tax cuts and reform, is going to be very, very important.
So we had a good day today. We had a phenomenal meeting with the Republican senators. We had -- it was very special that meeting. And, in many respects, I wish you could have been inside that room. It was very, very special -- the comradery. It was somewhat of a lovefest. They want to see it happen. They want to see it happen not only for the Republican Party. I think, much more importantly, they want to see it happen for the country because they know how important it is for us to compete and win.
And, with that, I maybe will start with Paul Ryan to say a few words about where we stand with different things and then I'll ask Mitch McConnell.
SPEAKER RYAN: Okay. I'll just briefly say I think it's regrettable that our Democratic colleagues and leadership chose not to join us today for a bill to become a law. Congress has to pass a bill, and the President signs a bill. That means Congress and the White House always negotiate legislation. We have important work to do. We have big deadlines to do. We have a military in need of our support, and that work needs to happen now.
And I just think it's very regrettable that our Democratic colleagues and leadership chose to not participate because we have to negotiate these bills to get this work done for the people we represent and especially to help our military with these difficult situations we have. And I just hope that our friends in leadership on the other side of the aisle will choose to participate so we can get the people's work done.
LEADER MCCONNELL: Mr. President, I would just add I've been in this position under a couple of previous Presidents. I can't recall ever turning down an opportunity to go down to the White House.
As the Speaker mentioned, only one person in America can sign a bill into law, and that's the President of the United States. You cannot negotiate the year-end -- the omnibus spending bill without the person who signs the bill in the room.
So I think the Democratic leaders in the House and Senate need to understand the way the government works, and the administration has to be a part of the ultimate negotiation over what the spending level is going to be for the next year.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, we are very far apart because our views on crime and our views on immigration and the military -- so many are different. But a lot of things have happened, even over the last two hours with respect to the missile launch. We want our military funded and we want it funded now. It's going to be bigger, better, stronger -- it already is -- than ever before. But we want to get going on that now. So that is a difference, in all fairness, from this morning when I told them that we're way, way far away.
And with that, I may just have General Mattis say just a couple of words about what he has found out. General, do you want to say just a couple of little pieces of information to the media?
SECRETARY MATTIS: Mr. President, Senator, Speaker, a little over two and a half hours ago, North Korea launched an intercontinental ballistic missile. It went higher, frankly, than any previous shot they've taken. It's a research and development effort on their part to continue building ballistic missiles that could threaten everywhere in the world, basically.
And in response, the South Koreans have fired some pinpoint missiles out into the water to make certain North Korea understands that they could be taken under fire by our ally.
But the bottom line is, it's a continued effort to build a threat -- a ballistic missile threat that endangers world peace, regional peace, and certainly, the United States.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, General. And we will take care of that situation. Thank you all very much. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Q Does this change anything to your basic approach to North Korea, these missile launches today? Does it change anything about your basic approach to dealing with them?
THE PRESIDENT: Nothing changed. Nothing changed. We have a very serious approach, but nothing changed. We take it very seriously.
Q Do you believe there will be a government shutdown, Mr. President? And would you blame Democrats if that happens?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, if that happens, I would absolutely blame the Democrats. If it happens, it's going to be over illegals pouring into the country, crime pouring into the country, no border wall -- which everybody wants. I got elected partially because of the border wall.
If you look at the military, we want strong funding for the military. They don't. So many things. As an example, they want high taxes; we want to cut taxes. We're going to cut taxes. We're going to reform. We're going to simplify. They want high taxes; we want low taxes.
So there's a lot of big differences. So we'll see what happens as to shutdown. We'll see. But right now, things have changed over the last two hours, because two hours ago, a missile was launched. I think that will have a huge effect on Schumer and Pelosi -- I think. We'll see. We're going to learn very soon.
They should be calling immediately and saying, "We want to see you." But probably they won't, because nothing to them is important other than raising taxes. That's the only thing they like doing is raising taxes.
Thank you all very much. Appreciate it. Thank you.
3:50 P.M. EST3:41 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. As you probably have heard, and some of you have reported, a missile was launched a little while ago from North Korea.
I will only tell you that we will take care of it. We have General Mattis in the room with us, and we've had a long discussion on it. It is a situation that we will handle.
With that being said, Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi did not show up for our meeting today. I'm not really that surprised. We have a lot of differences. They're weak on crime, they're weak on illegal immigration. They want the illegal folks to come pouring into our border and a lot of problems are being caused, although we've stopped it to a large extent as much as you can without the law, which we're going to get.
Before this meeting and before this missile launch, they've been weak on military. In terms of spending, they're very hard to get the military -- they want it for a lot of other things, but the military is always secondary to them. The military, to me, is number one. We won't be here without our powerful military, and we're building it up stronger, bigger, better than ever before. And General Mattis can testify to that.
And the other thing: They want tax increases, and we want major tax decreases. So they decided not to show up. They've been all talk and they've been no action, and now it's even worse. Now it's not even talk. So they're not showing up to the meeting.
I will say this: In light of the missile launch, probably they'll be here fairly quickly, or at least discussions will start taking place fairly quickly.
I think we're in a very good position in terms of the meeting we just had over at the Capitol with the Republican senators. It was outstanding. I think we have tremendous support. I was just informed by Mitch that we had a unanimous vote -- from the Republican side at least -- we had a unanimous vote on the tax bill. And it goes now the next step, and I think we're going to get it passed. I think it's going to pass. And it's going to be very popular.
It's going to have lots of adjustments before it ends, but the end result will be a very, very massive -- the largest in the history of our country -- tax cut. And lots of good things are going to happen, including the bringing back to our country of -- probably will end up being over $4 trillion -- money offshore that's stagnant that companies -- they're just not able to bring it back. So I think it's going to be a number over $4 trillion.
Corporate will be able to compete now against the world. If you look at China, if you look at so many other countries, if you look at many of the countries, China is at 15 percent. They're lower than us. We're getting it down to a level that is either going to be lower or right in the ballpark so we can compete much better with our companies -- our great, great companies. And that means jobs and it means lots of other things.
I'm very happy to see that the consumer confidence level is just about the highest it's ever been. If fact -- I don't want to make any mistakes in front of the press because you'll get me on it -- but to the best of my knowledge, it's the highest it's ever been. Consumer confidence has been setting records. They have confidence in the people leading their country.
And, I will say, that I think it's going to go better and better, and I do believe this vote on taxes, which are really tax cuts and reform, is going to be very, very important.
So we had a good day today. We had a phenomenal meeting with the Republican senators. We had -- it was very special that meeting. And, in many respects, I wish you could have been inside that room. It was very, very special -- the comradery. It was somewhat of a lovefest. They want to see it happen. They want to see it happen not only for the Republican Party. I think, much more importantly, they want to see it happen for the country because they know how important it is for us to compete and win.
And, with that, I maybe will start with Paul Ryan to say a few words about where we stand with different things and then I'll ask Mitch McConnell.
SPEAKER RYAN: Okay. I'll just briefly say I think it's regrettable that our Democratic colleagues and leadership chose not to join us today for a bill to become a law. Congress has to pass a bill, and the President signs a bill. That means Congress and the White House always negotiate legislation. We have important work to do. We have big deadlines to do. We have a military in need of our support, and that work needs to happen now.
And I just think it's very regrettable that our Democratic colleagues and leadership chose to not participate because we have to negotiate these bills to get this work done for the people we represent and especially to help our military with these difficult situations we have. And I just hope that our friends in leadership on the other side of the aisle will choose to participate so we can get the people's work done.
LEADER MCCONNELL: Mr. President, I would just add I've been in this position under a couple of previous Presidents. I can't recall ever turning down an opportunity to go down to the White House.
As the Speaker mentioned, only one person in America can sign a bill into law, and that's the President of the United States. You cannot negotiate the year-end -- the omnibus spending bill without the person who signs the bill in the room.
So I think the Democratic leaders in the House and Senate need to understand the way the government works, and the administration has to be a part of the ultimate negotiation over what the spending level is going to be for the next year.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, we are very far apart because our views on crime and our views on immigration and the military -- so many are different. But a lot of things have happened, even over the last two hours with respect to the missile launch. We want our military funded and we want it funded now. It's going to be bigger, better, stronger -- it already is -- than ever before. But we want to get going on that now. So that is a difference, in all fairness, from this morning when I told them that we're way, way far away.
And with that, I may just have General Mattis say just a couple of words about what he has found out. General, do you want to say just a couple of little pieces of information to the media?
SECRETARY MATTIS: Mr. President, Senator, Speaker, a little over two and a half hours ago, North Korea launched an intercontinental ballistic missile. It went higher, frankly, than any previous shot they've taken. It's a research and development effort on their part to continue building ballistic missiles that could threaten everywhere in the world, basically.
And in response, the South Koreans have fired some pinpoint missiles out into the water to make certain North Korea understands that they could be taken under fire by our ally.
But the bottom line is, it's a continued effort to build a threat -- a ballistic missile threat that endangers world peace, regional peace, and certainly, the United States.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, General. And we will take care of that situation. Thank you all very much. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Q Does this change anything to your basic approach to North Korea, these missile launches today? Does it change anything about your basic approach to dealing with them?
THE PRESIDENT: Nothing changed. Nothing changed. We have a very serious approach, but nothing changed. We take it very seriously.
Q Do you believe there will be a government shutdown, Mr. President? And would you blame Democrats if that happens?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, if that happens, I would absolutely blame the Democrats. If it happens, it's going to be over illegals pouring into the country, crime pouring into the country, no border wall -- which everybody wants. I got elected partially because of the border wall.
If you look at the military, we want strong funding for the military. They don't. So many things. As an example, they want high taxes; we want to cut taxes. We're going to cut taxes. We're going to reform. We're going to simplify. They want high taxes; we want low taxes.
So there's a lot of big differences. So we'll see what happens as to shutdown. We'll see. But right now, things have changed over the last two hours, because two hours ago, a missile was launched. I think that will have a huge effect on Schumer and Pelosi -- I think. We'll see. We're going to learn very soon.
They should be calling immediately and saying, "We want to see you." But probably they won't, because nothing to them is important other than raising taxes. That's the only thing they like doing is raising taxes.
Thank you all very much. Appreciate it. Thank you.
END
3:50 P.M. EST2:27 P.M. EST
MR. MACDONALD: Thank you, Honorable President of this great United States of America, President Trump. Thank you for inviting us, Navajo Code Talkers, to the Capitol and to the White House of this great nation we call the United States.
Today, we have with us three of the thirteen surviving Navajo Code Talkers of World War II. First, we have Fleming Begaye. Fleming Begaye is 97 years old, the oldest veteran of World War II. He survived the Battle of Tarawa. His landing craft was blown up and he literally had to swim to the beach to survive. Also, on Saipan, he also landed on Tinian where he got shot up real badly, survived one year in naval hospital.
We have Thomas Begay, also one of the Code Talkers who were on Iwo Jima, a tough battle, where Three Marine Division landed on Iwo; 5th Marine Division -- he was part of the Code Talkers within the 5th Marine Division.
Also, as if Marine Corps was not enough, he enlisted to be United States Army, and served in the Korean War. Survived that awful battle at Chosin.
My name is Peter MacDonald. I'm the president of the 13 surviving Navajo Code Talkers. I went in -- I'm 90 years old -- I went in when I was 15 years old in 1944. I was with the 1st Marine Brigade on Guam, and then went on to North China with 6th Marine Division to get those Japanese in Northern China to surrender. They didn’t want to surrender, but it took 1st Marine Division, 6th Marine Division to get them to surrender eventually. We had a separate treaty ceremony in Tsingtao, China, October 25th, 1945.
Navajo Code Talkers, in the early part of World War II, the enemy was breaking every military code that was being used in the Pacific. This created a huge problem for strategizing against the enemy. Eventually, a suggestion was made in early 1942 -- February '42, essentially -- to use Navajo language as a code.
The Marine Corps recruited 29 young Navajos, not telling them what they are being recruited for, because this was a top-secret operation. They were just asked, "Do you want to join the Marines? You want to fight the enemy? Come join the Marines." So they volunteered.
Twenty-nine young Navajos joined the Marines in 1942, after going through boot camp, passed boot camp with flying colors; combat training -- the same thing. Then entered the Marine Corps Communication School -- passed that. Then they were separated from all the rest of the Marines, took them to a top-secret location just east of San Diego -- Camp Elliott. That's where they created a military code to be used in the Pacific.
After creating 260 code words, the 29 young Marines -- half of them were sent overseas to join the 1st Marine Division. The 1st Marine Division was getting ready to go on to the first offensive movement in the Pacific, Guadalcanal.
On August 7, 1942 -- 75 years ago -- 1st Marine Division hit the beaches of Guadalcanal with 15 Navajo Code Talkers. This was the first battle where the Navajo code was to be tested in actual battle to test to see how our memory would be under heavy enemy fire. Well, three weeks after the landing, General Van De Griff, Commander of the 1st Marine Division, sent word back to United States saying, this Navajo code is terrific. The enemy never understood it; he said, we don't understand it either, but it works. Send us some more Navajos.
So that opened up the gate for United States Marine Corps, San Diego to start recruiting more and more Navajos, using the same tactics: "You want to fight? You want to join the Marines? You want to wear this beautiful blue uniform? Come join the Marines." So we all volunteered. That's how he went in, that's how he went in, that's how I went in.
Boot camp, combat training, communication schools. Then we all get separated, go to that special top-secret Navajo code school to learn to code. Initially, 260 code words, all subject to memory only. Eventually, by the time the war ended, 1945, there were 400 of us that went to war. And also, our code words grew to 600 code words, subject to memory only. In every battle two communication networks were established: Navajo communication network for all top-secret, confidential messages; the second network, English network, for all other messages.
In every battle -- from the frontline, beach command post, command ship, all other ships -- Code Talkers were used. On the island of Iwo, Major Connor said, the first 48 hours of battle, over 800 messages were sent by the 5th Marine Division, only. The first 48 hours, over 800 messages. Major Connor also said: Without Navajo, Marines would never have taken the island of Iwo Jima. (Applause.)
So thank you very much. The 13 of us, we still have one mission -- that mission is to build national Navajo Code Talker Museum. We want to preserve this unique World War II history for our children, grandchildren, your children, your grandchildren to go through that museum.
Why? Because what we did truly represents who we are as Americans. America, we know, is composed of diverse community. We have different languages, different skills, different talents, and different religion. But when our way of life is threatened, like the freedom and liberty that we all cherish, we come together as one. And when we come together as one, we are invincible. We cannot be defeated. That's why we need this national Navajo Code Talker Museum so that our children, the future generation, can go through that museum and learn why America is so strong.
Thank you very much for listening. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: That's fantastic, thank you. That's fantastic. Thank you very much. Beautiful.
That was so incredible, and now I don't have to make my speech. I had the most beautiful speech written out. I was so proud of it. Look. And I thought you would leave out Iwo Jima, but you got that in the end, too. (Laughter.)
And I want to tell you -- you said you're 90 years old? That's great, because you have good genes. That means the press has got me to kick around for a long time. (Laughter.)
That was beautiful. I loved that and I loved your delivery. And the Code Talkers are amazing. And seriously, it is what I said. So what I'm going to do is give you my speech, and I want you to hold that. And I know you like me, so you'll save it. But that was so well delivered, from the heart. That was from the heart.
So I want to give you this speech because I don't want to bore them with saying the same thing you just said. And you said it better, believe me, because you said it from here. And I mean it from there too.
And you have a lot of great friends. Tom Cole is here, and you know Tom. And you know Jeff. So I want to thank you both, Jeff Denham. I want to thank you both for being here, and you too for being here.
Also, General Dunford, head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and General Kelly. And I have to say, I said to General Kelly --- I said, General, how good -- here he is right there, the Chief; he's the General and the Chief. I said, how good were these Code Talkers? What was it? He said, sir, you have no idea. You have no idea how great they were -- what they've done for this country, and the strength and the bravery and the love that they had for the country and that you have for the country.
So that was the ultimate statement from General Kelly, the importance. And I just want to thank you because you're very, very special people. You were here long before any of us were here, although we have a representative in Congress who, they say, was here a long time ago. They call her "Pocahontas."
But you know what, I like you because you are special. You are special people. You are really incredible people. And from the heart, from the absolute heart, we appreciate what you've done, how you've done it, the bravery that you displayed, and the love that you have for your country.
Tom, I would say that's as good as it gets, wouldn't you say? That's as good as you get.
General Kelly, just come up for one second. I want to just have you say what you told me, a little bit about the Code Talkers. Because it really has been -- learning about you and learning about what you've done has been something that I'd like General Kelly to say to the press.
Go ahead, General.
GENERAL KELLY: Well, sir, as you know, being associated with United States Marines, it's as much a cult as it is a service. And we never forget. Our motto, of course, is Semper Fidelis -- always faithful. Whether you're a young recruit at Parris Island or San Diego, or a middle-aged guy from out west, what these men did, the advantage they gave our Marines when they invaded Iwo Jima was really -- and I think it was pointed out -- was one of the very few factors that allowed us to be successful on that island.
Their ability to outwit the Japanese who were, you know, listening to this wonderful language and had no idea that a language like this existed on the Earth. What they did, very small number of men, sir, made the difference. We lost 6,000 Marines and 25,000 wounded on that island in 28 days of battle. It would have been a lot worse had we not had the Navajo Code Talkers. And I thank you.
Semper Fidelis. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: So they're working on building a Navajo Code Talkers Museum. And we will help you. Okay? And we have some pretty good strength. We will help you, and you deserve it. And I want to thank you all for being here.
I assume you're the young one in the group? Are you the young one in the group? Thank you so much for being here. You're very special people. And without you, maybe the results would have been a lot different. I've heard that, actually, the results could have very well been different.
So, on behalf of the United States, thank you all. Very much appreciate it. (Applause.)
MR. MACDONALD: Mr. President, we know you'll succeed. America is in good hands. You have all top Marine Corps generals as your assistants -- (laughter) -- so we know that we're in good hands. (Applause).
THE PRESIDENT: What a group. This is a great group. Thank you all very much. Thank you.
Q What about the tax bill?
THE PRESIDENT: I think the tax bill is going very well. We had a meeting on it today. It's going to be a tremendous tax cut -- the biggest in the history of our country. You'll have to pay a lot less tax. That's okay. But we're going to have a tremendous -- I think we're going to have great receptivity.
We've had great spirit. And I will tell you the Republican senators were up. If we win, we'll get some Democratic senators joining us. If we don't win, they won't be joining us -- you understand that. But, if we win, I think we'll probably have a bipartisan bill, meaning a number of people are going to come over. But I'm not so interested in that. We're really interested just in getting it passed.
Again, it will be the biggest tax reduction in the history of our country. It will bring jobs, it will bring a lot of income coming into the country, buying product, et cetera. And, I think it's doing very well.
Q Is there a worry, though, that it benefits hedge fund owners during (inaudible) --
THE PRESIDENT: No, I think we're going to have really -- I think -- actually, I think it's going to benefit everybody. It's going to mostly benefit people looking for jobs more than anything else, because we're giving great incentives.
And we're going to be bringing back into this country probably an excess of $4 trillion -- $4 trillion -- that's outside of the country that right now, because of our tax laws, can't come back in. And we will be bringing back at least -- I think the number will be substantially higher -- but at least $4 trillion, which will immediately be put to work in this country. So I think the tax bill is doing very well and I think the Republicans are going to be very proud of it. Thank you.
Thank you.
2:43 P.M. EST10:09 A.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: It is an honor to be here, I have to tell you. You know, the Coast Guard, always respected. But if you were looking at it as a brand, there’s no brand that went up more than the Coast Guard, with what happened in Texas. And I would say, in particular, Texas has been incredible. You saved 16,000 lives -- nobody knows that -- 16,000 lives.
In fact, when I first heard the number, I said, you mean like, six hundred? Five hundred? Sixteen thousand lives in Texas. So, as bad as that hurricane was -- and that was a bad one. That was a big water job, right? It kept coming in and going back. They couldn’t get rid of it. They’ve never seen -- I guess it was the biggest water dump they’ve ever seen. But when you get 16,000 -- good to see this group of people. (Laughter.) But when you do 16,000, that’s really something.
And then Florida hit, and you know that one very well. You knew that one pretty well, right? The job you did in Florida. And then, Puerto Rico.
And I really mean that. I think that there is no brand, of any kind -- I’m not just talking about a military brand -- that has gone up more than the Coast Guard. Incredible people. You’ve done an incredible job. And I love coming in here and doing this with you today. I think it’s -- well, we have to keep you very well fed. (Laughter.) This is good stuff. But it’s an honor.
And the First Lady, you know --
MRS. TRUMP: Happy Thanksgiving.
AUDIENCE: Happy Thanksgiving.
THE PRESIDENT: And we went together to Texas, and we saw what you were doing. And you just followed that storm, right next to that storm. And you just -- you saved so many people.
I still haven’t figured out how people take their boats out into a hurricane. Someday you’ll explain it. Gene was just telling me that they actually do it to save their boat, in many cases. But they’re not thinking about their life, they’re thinking about their boats. And, I don’t know -- I mean, they go out in a boat and they think, I guess, they’re -- you know, they’ve got a wonderful boat, they’ve had it for years, it can weather anything. And then they have 25-foot waves pushing out -- and that would be the end of them.
So you saved a lot of people. And I just want to thank you on behalf of the whole country and on behalf of us. What a job you’ve done, and thank you all very much. And I’ll also take questions if you have them.
Now, should we leave the media here to do the questions? (Laughter.) Or should we tell them to leave? You know what, it’s Thanksgiving, so let’s let the media stay. Okay?
Anybody have any questions about the country, how we’re doing, or any of those things? I love it when you don't. (Laughter.) See, that means you're doing great. I love that. That's the greatest.
The press, I know, doesn't have any questions. If you do, we won't take them, but that's all right. (Laughter.) The press has plenty of questions.
But the country is doing really well. Stock market, all-time high. This is all good stuff. I just spoke to a lot of your friends in Afghanistan and in Iraq. We spoke to the USS Monterey -- great ship, great missile ship. We spoke to a lot of different folks from the Air Force, the Army -- just now, a little while ago at Mar-a-Lago.
The telecommunications systems, what you can do now, we go live to Iraq, live to Afghanistan. I mean, it’s really incredible. But I told them our country is doing great. And you folks are fighting so hard and working so hard. And it’s nice that you’re working for something that’s really starting to work.
We’ve cut back so much on regulation and all the waste, and all the abuse. And the stock market on Friday hit an all-time high. The highest it’s ever been, ever.
Your whole, long life, the stock market is higher than it’s ever been. And that means your 401(k), all of the things that you have, whether it’s -- even if you’re in the military, you have a country that’s really starting to turn.
We want to have a strong country. We want to have a country where I can buy new Coast Guard cutters and not have to worry about it, all right? And that’s what we’re doing, we’re building up wealth so that we can take care of our protection. And we’re ordering tremendous amounts of new equipment. We’re at $700 billion for the military. And, you know, they were cutting back for years. They just kept cutting, cutting, cutting the military. And you got lean, to put it nicely. It was depleted, was the word. And now it’s changing.
The Navy, I can tell you, we're ordering ships. With the Air Force, we're ordering a lot of planes, in particular the F-35 fighter jet, which is, you know, almost like an invisible fighter. I was asking the Air Force guys, I said, how good is this plane? They said, well, sir, you can't see it. I said, yeah, but in a fight -- you know, a fight -- like I watch in the movies -- they fight, they're fighting. How good is this? They say, well, it wins every time because the enemy cannot see it. Even if it's right next to it, it can't see it. I said, that helps. (Laughter.) That's a good thing.
But, I mean, we have equipment that -- nobody has the equipment that we have. And it's sad when we're selling our equipment to other countries but we're not buying it ourselves, okay? But now that's all changed. And the stuff I said -- the stuff that we have is always a little bit better too. You know, when we sell to other countries, even if they're allies -- you never know about an ally. An ally can turn. You understand. You're going to find that out. But I always say, make ours a little bit better. You know, give it that extra speed. A little bit -- keep a little bit -- keep about 10 percent in the bag, because what we have -- nobody has like what we have, and that's what we're doing.
But we're really proud of the Coast Guard. And I'm very proud -- I walked in today and Gene said, the day I got elected, the following morning they were putting up the statement that I made right on your front door -- right on your glass. And I came in and the first thing I noticed, of course -- I said, wow, look at that. And I said, did you put that up just for me because I happened to be coming here today? And you did that the first day, so that tells me something. That tells me something. Thank you. Special guys.
Let's go, fellas, come on. Let's get up here. Let's get up here.
10:16 A.M. ESTMar-a-Lago Club and Resort | Palm Beach, Florida
9:06 A.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Hello, everybody, and happy Thanksgiving. You're very, very special people to me and to everybody in this country -- that I can tell you. And I've got five deployed units bravely representing each branch of our armed forces. And we're going on live right now, and surrounding me is a lot of press. Better me than you -- believe me, fellas. Better me than you.
It's an honor to speak with you all and to give God thanks for the blessings of freedom and for the heroes who really have this tremendous courage that you do to defend us and to defend freedom. So we want to thank you all very much. Very, very special people. It doesn't get more special.
Representing the Army, we have the First Brigade Combat Team of the 82nd Airborne who are conducting operations in Kandahar, Afghanistan in support of Operation Freedom's Sentinel. Colonel Toby -- where is Toby? Raise your hand, Toby. Where's Toby? Thank you, Toby. I hear so many good things about you, Toby. That's good news.
But, Toby Magsig, Happy Thanksgiving to all of you. And I have to say, just directly to the folks in Afghanistan, everybody is talking about the progress you've made in the last few months since I opened it open. We opened it up. We said go ahead, we're going to fight to win. We're not fighting anymore to just walk around. We're fighting to win. And you people are really -- you've turned it around over the last three to four months like nobody has seen. And they are talking about it. So, thank you very much -- brave, incredible fighters.
Direct Support Team Golf of the Marine Corps Special Operations is also on the line. These great Marines are operating in Iraq in support of Operation Inherent Resolve. Major Jonathan Rigline is the commanding officer. Semper Fi. Semper Fi.
I have a great Marine who's the Chief of Staff -- as you know, John Kelly -- doing an incredible job, just like any Marine would. And, Major, to you and to all the Marines doing this great work in delivering defeat after defeat to ISIS -- what you're doing with ISIS is, again, being talked about. We're being talked about again as an armed forces. We're really winning. We know how to win, but we have to let you win. They weren't letting you win before; they we're letting you play even. We're letting you win.
I also want to say hello to Captain Dave Stoner and all of the sailors abroad the USS Monterey, sailing in support of both the 6th and 5th fleets. The Monterey's primary missions include ballistic missile defense, anti-air warfare, anti-surface warfare, and anti-submarine warfare. Thank you to everyone aboard the USS Monterey for your dedication. Thank you very much.
We're also joined by the 74th Expeditionary Fighter Squadron from Incirlik Air Base. Lieutenant Colonel Craig Morash, your squadron has done a tremendous job -- tremendous -- and we appreciate it. The fight against ISIS, it's coming our way -- coming our way. Big, big difference. A lot of things have happened. They say we've made more progress against ISIS than they did in years of the previous administration, and that's because I'm letting you do your job.
You're performing more than 1,000 missions over the skies of Iraq and Syria in the last four months. We're very, very proud of you. And believe me, everybody in this country is watching and they're seeing, and they're seeing positive reports for a change, instead of the neutral and negative reports. It's all positive.
To the Coasties aboard the Cutter Wrangell: Welcome and Happy Thanksgiving. Lieutenant Brian Hudson, you and the entire crew abroad the Wrangell are doing incredible work in the Arabian Gulf, performing theater security, defense operations, and maritime infrastructure protection. Thank you very much for your service. Very important area.
For each of you, I know it's very hard to be away from home at this time of the year. We're doing well at home. The economy is doing really great. When you come back, you're going to see with the jobs and the companies coming back into our country and the stock market just hit a record high. Unemployment is the lowest it's been in 17 years. So you're fighting for something real, you're fighting for something good.
A lot of things have happened with our country over the last very short period of time, and they're really good -- they're really good. I especially like saying that companies are starting to come back. Now we're working on tax cuts -- big, fat, beautiful tax cuts. And hopefully we'll get that and then you're going to really see things happen.
So as we give thanks for this holiday, I know I speak on behalf of all Americans when I say that we totally support you. In fact, we love you -- we really do. We love you. And this is a thanksgiving that you won't forget. You're in a very different part of the world than you were used to, but, boy, are you doing a job there. And thank God for you. Thank God for you.
We also want to give thanks to our loved ones -- our amazing military families. I know they miss you, and they miss you so deeply and so badly. They're every bit as important as every else you work with because they put up with so much. They put up with the time away and all of those things that they have to endure. And they endure it because they love our country and because they love you. And believe me, I know so much about military families. They respect and appreciate what you're doing for this country, and they respect and appreciate what you're doing for them, as a family. So your families love you and they miss you.
And again, I'm going to now -- I'm surrounded by reporters and press, and I'm going to ask them to leave, and we're going to have very confidential, personal conversations. We're set up for that.
You know, it's really wonderful what technology can do. So I'll ask the press to get out, and I'll say, "You're fired." And, by the way, media, Happy thanksgiving, I must say. Have a good Thanksgiving in Palm Beach, Florida. Thank you all for being here. I appreciate it.
9:13 A.M. ESTSouth Lawn
3:16 P.M. EST
Q Mr. President, are you ready to talk about Roy Moore at all?
THE PRESIDENT: Yeah, I'll be talking about him. I can tell you one thing for sure: We don't need a liberal person in there, a Democrat -- Jones. I've looked at his record. It's terrible on crime. It's terrible on the border. It's terrible on the military. I can tell you for a fact, we do not need somebody that's going to be bad on crime, bad on borders, bad with the military, bad for the Second Amendment.
Q Is Roy Moore, a child molester, better than a Democrat? He's an accused --
THE PRESIDENT: Well, he denies it. Look, he denies it. I mean, if you look at what is really going on, and you look at all the things that have happened over the last 48 hours, he totally denies it. He says it didn’t happen. And, you know, you have to listen to him also. You're talking about, he said 40 years ago this did not happen. So, you know --
Q Are you going to campaign for Roy Moore?
THE PRESIDENT: I'll be letting you know next week. But I can tell you, you don’t need somebody who's soft on crime, like Jones.
Q Mr. President, what is your message to women, sir, during this pivotal moment in our country where we're talking about sexual misconduct? You've had your own allegations against you. What do you say to women?
THE PRESIDENT: Let me just tell you, Roy Moore denies it. That's all I can say. He denies it. And, by the way, he totally denies it.
Q Mr. President, what is your message to women? This is a pivotal moment in our nation's history.
THE PRESIDENT: Women are very special. I think it's a very special time because a lot of things are coming out, and I think that's good for our society, and I think it's very, very good for women. And I'm very happy a lot of these things are coming out, and I'm very happy it's being exposed.
Q Should Al Franken resign now?
THE PRESIDENT: I don’t know -- look, I don’t want to speak for Al Franken. I don’t know what happened.
Q What about John Conyers?
THE PRESIDENT: I just heard about Conyers two minutes ago.
As far as Franken is concerned, he's going to have to speak for himself. I'd rather have him speak for himself.
Q What did you say to Vladimir Putin, sir?
THE PRESIDENT: We had a great call with President Putin. We're talking about peace in Syria -- very important. We're talking about North Korea. We had a call that lasted almost an hour and a half. We've just put out a release on the call. But we're talking very strongly about bringing peace for Syria. We're talking about very strongly about North Korea and Ukraine.
Q The AT&T-Time Warner merger, sir -- what do you think about it?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I'm not going to get involved in litigation. But, personally, I've always felt that that was a deal that's not good for the country. I think your pricing is going to go up. I don’t think it's a good deal for the country. But I'm not going to get involved. It's litigation.
Thank you, everybody. Have a very great Thanksgiving.
Q Do you believe Roy Moore's denials? Do you believe him?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, he denies. I mean, Roy Moore denies it. And, by the way, he gives a total denial. And I do have to say, 40 years is a long time. He's run eight races, and this has never comes up. So 40 years is a long time. The women are Trump voters; most of them are Trump voters. All you can do is, you have to do what you have to do. He totally denies it.
Q Mr. President, do you believe Congress should release the names of lawmakers who have settled on sexual harassment claims?
THE PRESIDENT: I do. I really do. I think they should. Thank you. Have a good Thanksgiving, everybody.
3:21 P.M. EST1:07 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you all for being here, and welcome to the White House. A very special place. On behalf of Melania, Barron, and the entire Trump family, I want to wish you and all Americans a very happy and blessed Thanksgiving. And I hear that beautiful turkey. (Laughter.)
are here today to continue a wonderful American tradition. Today, in the spirit of Thanksgiving, I will grant a presidential pardon to a turkey. (Laughter.)
I'm especially pleased that we're joined for this great occasion by Carl Wittenburg, Chairman of the National Turkey Federation, along with his wife, Sharlene, and sons, Nate and Wyatt.
It was 70 years ago that the National Turkey Federation first presented the National Thanksgiving Turkey to President Harry Truman -- who, I might add, did not grant the pardon. He refused. He was a tough cookie. (Laughter.) Today, I'm going to be a much nicer President.
Over the past 10 months, Melania and I have had the pleasure of welcoming many, many special visitors to the great White House. We've hosted dozens of incredible world leaders, members of Congress, and, along the way, a few very strange birds. But we have yet to receive any visitors quite like our magnificent guest of honor today -- Drumstick. Hi, Drumstick. Oh, Drumstick, I think, is going to be very happy.
pleased to report that, unlike millions of other turkeys at this time of the year, Drumstick has a very, very bright future ahead of him. Drumstick was raised on Carl and Sharlene’s turkey farm in Douglas County, Minnesota, with the help of five young women from the Douglas County 4-H chapter who are here with us today. And I want to say, great work. Where are they? Please stand. Great job you've done. (Applause.) 4-H. That's great. Thank you.
Upon being pardoned, Drumstick and his friend, Wishbone, will live out their days at “Gobbler’s Rest” -- beautiful place. It's custom-built; it's an enclosure on the campus of Virginia Tech. Tremendous school. There, they'll join Tater and Tot, the two turkeys pardoned last year by President Obama.
As many of you know, I have been very active in overturning a number of executive actions by my predecessor. However, I have been informed by the White House Counsel’s Office that Tater and Tot’s pardons cannot, under any circumstances, be revoked. So we're not going to revoke them. So, Tater and Tot, you can rest easy.
I’d also like to thank the National Turkey Federation for bringing along two other turkeys from Jaindl’s Turkey Farm in Orefield, Pennsylvania -- the great state of Pennsylvania. We're donating these turkeys to Martha’s Table, a truly fantastic charity right here in Washington D.C., which provides warm meals to people in need. They do a fantastic job.
Before we get to the pardon, I would like to take a moment to extend our very heartfelt special message: Thanks. Thanks, folks -- to the finest and bravest people in the entire world, our great men and women in uniform: the military, law enforcement, first responders. These are incredible people. So, thank you.
Many of you are always -- and you know your loved ones -- and you're far away, and you spend so much time away. This Thanksgiving, I want each of you to know that we're forever grateful for the incredible job and for the incredible sacrifices that you and your families make in defense of our nation, our freedom, and our truly great American flag.
I’d also like to express my thanks to the wonderful citizens of our country -- the people who care for our communities, raise America’s children, uphold our laws and our values, and make this amazing land into our national home.
As we gather together with our families on Thanksgiving and give thanks for our many blessings, we are reminded of the national family to which we all belong as citizens of this incredible country.
This Thursday, as we give thanks for our cherished loved ones, let us also renew our bonds of trust, loyalty, and affection between our fellow citizens as members of a proud national family of Americans.
And now I think Drumstick and Wishbone would be very thankful if we would just get around to the pardon. They say,
"Enough talk, please pardon us."
So I want to thank everybody for being here today and wish everybody a very, very happy Thanksgiving -- very special people a very special country.
Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
1:14 P.M. EST11:40 A.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Good morning. We just returned from a historic 12-day trip to Asia. Everywhere we went, the American delegation was greeted with tremendous hospitality and tremendous respect. People are respecting our country again, believe me.
We brought back more than $300 billion worth of deals, which could reach well over a trillion dollars within a very near future. That means jobs for the United States at a very high level.
As you know, we've just come up with the best job performance in over 17 years. But this is a lot more jobs, and we think the number is going to actually get a lot better. We're going to also put a lot of people that have not been able to find jobs, we're going to put them back to work -- because they're not registered right now; they’ll be registered in a positive sense.
Japanese car companies will be opening up and expanding their plants in our country. We worked very closely with Prime Minister Abe on that. We're renegotiating our bad trade deal with South Korea, and we've started talking about bilateral trade with many countries in Asia.
And most importantly, we've made clear to all countries that we cannot continue to be treated unfairly when it comes to trade any longer. It’s not fair to our companies, and it’s not fair to our workers. Last year, we lost over $800 billion on trade -- on trade deals with other countries. So we had a negative number, a trade deficit of almost $800 billion with other countries. That's not going to be happening. That's changing. And I explained that to them. From the standpoint of Asia, they understand it. Every one of them understand it.
One of the primary goals of our trip was to pursue the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. I want to begin this morning by meeting and by talking about the fact that we will be instituting a very critical step, and that will start right now. Today, the United States is designating North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism. It should have happened a long time ago. It should have happened years ago.
In addition to threatening the world by nuclear devastation, North Korea has repeatedly supported acts of international terrorism, including assassinations on foreign soil.
As we take this action today, our thoughts to turn to Otto Warmbier, a wonderful young man, and the countless others so brutally affected by the North Korean oppression. This designation will impose further sanctions and penalties on North Korea and related persons, and supports our maximum pressure campaign to isolate the murderous regime that you've all been reading about and, in some cases, writing about.
Tomorrow, the Treasury Department will be announcing an additional sanction, and a very large one, on North Korea. This will be going on over the next two weeks. It will be the highest level of sanctions by the time it's finished over a two-week period.
The North Korean regime must be lawful. It must end its unlawful nuclear and ballistic missile development, and cease all support for international terrorism -- which it is not doing.
Today, Cabinet discussions will also focus on crucial domestic policy issues. I want to congratulate the House of Representatives for passing a vital and historic tax cut last week, and I'm very hopeful the Senate will do the same very soon.
We're going to give the American people a huge tax cut for Christmas. Hopefully that will be a great, big, beautiful Christmas present.
With the Democrats giving us no votes for tax cuts, for purely political reasons -- obstructionists -- it will be up to the Republicans to come through for America. I think they will. I hope they will. It's up to the Senate. And if they approve it, the House and the Senate will get together -- I'll be there right in the middle of it -- and we will come up with a bill that will be spectacular for growth and spectacular for the people of this country.
Our tax plan will be bring urgent relief to hardworking families. We'll reduce rates, increase the amount of income taxed at a rate of zero, expand the Child Tax Credit -- very important, and simplify taxes as most family will be able to file on a single sheet of paper. We'll restore America's competitive edge so we can bring back our jobs. We want to bring our jobs back to our country. We were decimated over the last 40 years. We want to bring our jobs back to the United States.
We'll go from being one of the highest-taxed nations in the world to one of the lowest-taxed nations in the world. Corporate rate will be reduced from 35 percent all the way down to 20 percent, which will make us competitive again, and companies won't be leaving our country. Finally, our tax plan will return trillions of dollars in wealth to our shores so that companies can invest in America again.
At the same time, we're working to reduce wasteful government spending. We will hear from budget director, Mick Mulvaney, who is working with my Cabinet to find taxpayer savings in each and every department.
The Cabinet members that are with us today are working on getting reductions through their various departments, and we think we're going to be able to save a lot of money -- even lower than the budgets, in the budgets that we're submitting.
We'll be working on healthcare, infrastructure, and welfare reform. We're looking very strongly at welfare reform, and that will all take place right after taxes -- very soon, very shortly after taxes. So we'll be submitting plans on healthcare, plans on infrastructure, and plans on welfare reform -- which is desperately needed in our country -- soon after taxes.
Today, we'll also discuss the opioid epidemic that is ravaging so many American families and communities. Last week, I was proud to nominate Alex Azar to serve as the next Secretary of Health and Human Services. I urge the Senate to swiftly confirm his nomination, and I want to thank Acting Secretary Eric Hargan for serving with such devotion and for doing such a great job in the meantime. Thank you very much, Eric.
Finally, I want to wish the American people a truly happy and blessed Thanksgiving, especially to our brave men and women serving in our military and our Border Patrol and ICE agents along the very dangerous southern border. As you heard, we lost a Border Patrol officer just yesterday, and another one was brutally beaten and badly, badly hurt. Looks like he'll make it, but very, very badly hurt.
And we talk about the wall -- we're going to have the wall. It's a part of what we're doing. We need it. It's rough territory. That's where the drugs are coming in. A lot of things are happening along the border -- the southern border -- and we're going to straighten it out.
We've already reduced the numbers -- and you see the numbers -- they're back to 78 percent down from what they were. And those numbers will get better and better but we have to stop the massive drug flow from pouring in. And my respect to the families that were so badly hurt yesterday, because they were devastating. Those two families were devastated.
I just want to wish everybody a very, very Happy Thanksgiving. We're going to be working very hard during the recess in Florida. We're going to Florida. And I want to thank you all for being here, and let's start our meeting. And to the media, to the press, thank you very much. We appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you very much.
11:49 A.M. EST3:35 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much.
Last night, I returned from a historic 12-day trip to Asia. This journey took us to five nations to meet with dozens of foreign leaders, participate in three formal state visits, and attend three key regional summits. It was the longest visit to the region by an American President in more than a quarter of a century.
Everywhere we went, our foreign hosts greeted the American delegation, myself included, with incredible warmth, hospitality, and most importantly respect. And this great respect showed very well our country is -- further evidence that America’s renewed confidence and standing in the world has never been stronger than it is right now.
When we are confident in ourselves, our strength, our flag, our history, our values -- other nations are confident in us. And when we treat our citizens with the respect they deserve, other countries treat America with the respect that our country so richly deserves.
During our travels, this is exactly what the world saw: a strong, proud, and confident America.
Today, I want to update the American people on the tremendous success of this trip and the progress we’ve made to advance American security and prosperity throughout the year.
When I came into office, our country was faced with a series of growing dangers. These threats included rogue regimes pursuing deadly weapons, foreign powers challenging America’s influence, the spread of the murderous terror group ISIS, and years of unfair trade practices that had dangerously depleted our manufacturing base and wiped out millions and millions of middle-class jobs.
The challenges were inherited, and these products really showed what previous mistakes were made over many years -- and even decades -- by other administrations. Some of these mistakes were born of indifference and neglect. Others from naïve thinking and misguided judgement. In some cases, the negative influence of partisan politics and special interests was to blame. But the one common thread behind all of these problems was a failure to protect and promote the interests of the American people and American workers.
Upon my inauguration, I pledged that we would rebuild America, restore its economic strength, and defend its national security. With this goal in mind, I vowed that we would reaffirm old alliances and form new friendships in pursuit of shared goals. Above all, I swore that in every decision, with every action, I would put the best interests of the American people first.
Over the past 10 months, traveling across the globe and meeting with world leaders, that is exactly what I have done.
Earlier this year, in Saudi Arabia, I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab and Muslim nations about our strategy to defeat terrorists by stripping them of financing, territory, and ideological support. And I urged the leaders to drive out the terrorists and extremists from their societies. Since that time, we have dealt ISIS one crushing defeat after another.
In Israel, I reaffirmed the unbreakable bond between America and the Jewish State, and I met with leaders of the Palestinian Authority and initiated an effort to facilitate lasting peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians.
In Brussels, I urged our NATO allies to do more to strengthen our crucial alliance and set the stage for significant increases in member contributions. Billions and billions of dollars are pouring in because of that initiative. NATO, believe me, is very happy with Donald Trump and what I did.
In Warsaw, I declared to the world America’s resolve to preserve and protect Western civilization and the values we hold so dear.
In Rome, Sicily, Hamburg, and Paris, I strengthened our friendships with key allies to promote our shared interests of security and prosperity.
In September, at the United Nations General Assembly in New York, I urged that the nations of the world join in confronting rogue regimes that threaten humanity and laid out a model for international cooperation grounded in respect for sovereignty and the responsibilities that come with it.
On each trip, I have worked to advance American interests and leadership in the world.
And to each of these places, I have carried our vision for a better -- a vision for something stronger and sovereign -- so important -- sovereign and independent nations, rooted in their histories, confident in their destinies, and cooperating together to advance their security, prosperity, and the noble cause of peace.
It was this same vision that I carried to Asia two weeks ago. And it was this same commitment to you, the American people, that was always at the forefront of my mind and my thinking.
Our trip was defined by three core goals. First: to unite the world against the nuclear menace posed by the North Korean regime, a threat that has increased steadily through many administrations and now requires urgent action.
Second: to strengthen America’s alliances and economic partnerships in a free and open Indo-Pacific, made up of thriving, independent nations, respectful of other countries and their own citizens, and safe from foreign domination and economic servitude.
And third: to finally -- after many years -- insist on fair and reciprocal trade. Fair and reciprocal trade -- so important. These two words -- fairness and reciprocity -- are an open invitation to every country that seeks to do business with the United States, and they are a firm warning to every country that cheats, breaks the rules, and engages in economic aggression -- like they've been doing in the past, especially in the recent past.
That is why we have almost an $800-billion-a-year trade deficit with other nations. Unacceptable. We are going to start whittling that down, and as fast as possible.
With these goals, it was my profound honor to travel on this journey as your representative. I explained to all of the world leaders, and across Asia, how well the United States is doing. Economic growth has been over 3 percent the last two quarters and is going higher. Unemployment is at its lowest level in 17 years. The stock market has gained trillions of dollars in value since my election and has reached record highs. We are massively increasing our military budget to historic levels. The House has just passed a nearly $700 billion defense package, and it could not come at a better time for our nation.
Once again our country is optimistic about the future, confident in our values, and proud of our history and a role in the world.
I want to thank every citizen of this country for the part you have played in making this great American comeback possible. In Asia, our message was clear and well received: America is here to compete, to do business, and to defend our values and our security.
We began our trip in Hawaii to pay our respects to brave American servicemembers at Pearl Harbor and the United States Pacific Command, the guardian of our security and freedom across the Indo-Pacific region.
our country prepared to observe Veterans Day, we remembered the incredible sacrifices and courage of all of the veterans whose service has preserved our liberty and a way of life that is very special. We also thanked military families for their support for our brave servicemen and women.
From Hawaii, we traveled to Japan, a crucial U.S. ally and partner in the region. Upon landing in Japan, my first act was to thank the American servicemembers and Japanese Self-Defense Forces who personify the strength of our enduring alliance.
Prime Minister Abe and I agreed on our absolute determination to remain united to achieve the goal of denuclearized North Korea. Shortly following our visit, Japan announced additional sanctions on 35 North Korean entities and individuals. Japan also committed to shouldering more of the burden of our common defense by reimbursing costs borne by American taxpayers, as well as by making deep investments in Japan’s own military. This will include purchases of U.S. advanced capabilities -- from jet fighters to missile defense systems worth many, many billions of dollars -- and jobs for the American worker.
The Prime Minister and I also discussed ways we can deepen our trade relationship based on the core principles of fairness and reciprocity. I am pleased that since January of this year, Japanese companies have announced investments in the United States worth more than $8 billion -- 17,000 jobs. Thank you.
Oh, they don't have water? That's okay. What? That's okay.
(Drinks water.)
THE PRESIDENT: Japanese manufacturers, Toyota and Mazda, announced that they will be opening a new plant in the United States that will create 4,000 jobs.
We also signed agreements between our nations to enhance infrastructure development, increase access to affordable energy, and advance our foreign policy goals through economic investment.
From Japan, we traveled to another key American ally in Asia -- the Republic of Korea. My official state visit to South Korea was the first by an American President in 25 years.
Speaking before the National Assembly of the Republic of Korea, I spoke the truth about the evil crimes of the North Korean regime, and I made clear that we will not allow this twisted dictatorship to hold the world hostage to nuclear blackmail.
I called on every nation, including China and Russia, to unite in isolating the North Korean regime -- cutting off all ties of trade and commerce -- until it stops its dangerous provocation on -- and this is the whole key to what we're doing -- on denuclearization. We have to denuclearize North Korea.
We have ended the failed strategy of strategic patience, and, as a result, we have already seen important progress -- including tough new sanctions from the U.N. council -- we have a Security Council that has been with us and just about with us from the beginning.
South Korea agreed to harmonize sanctions and joined the United States in sanctioning additional rogue actors whose fund and funds have helped North Korea and North Korea's nuclear and ballistic missile programs. It's unacceptable to us.
The United States welcomed the decision of President Moon to remove the payload restrictions on missiles to combat the North Korean threat. And together we reaffirmed our commitment to a campaign of maximum pressure.
Like Japan, South Korea is increasing its defense contributions. During our meetings, President Moon acknowledged his desire for equitable cost-sharing for the United States military forces stationed in South Korea. And I visited soldiers at Camp Humphreys, a brand-new, joint American-South Korean base, paid for almost entirely by the South Korean government. At that base, I discussed with the United States and South Korean military leaders both military options and readiness to respond to North Korean provocation or offensive actions.
During our visit, President Moon and I also discussed America’s commitment to reducing our trade deficit with South Korea. At my discretion and direction, we are currently renegotiating the disastrous U.S.-Korea trade agreement signed under the previous administration. It has been a disaster for the United States.
Last week, 42 South Korean companies announced their intent to invest in projects worth more than $17 billion dollars in the United States, and 24 companies announced plans to purchase $58 billion dollars in American goods and services.
From South Korea, Melania and I traveled to China, where, as in Japan and South Korea, we were greatly honored by the splendor of our reception. Our trip included the first official dinner held for a foreign leader in the Forbidden City since the founding of the modern China, where we enjoyed a very productive evening hosted by President Xi and his wonderful wife, Madam Peng.
During our visit, President Xi pledged to faithfully implement United Nations Security Council resolutions on North Korea and to use his great economic influence over the regime to achieve our common goal of a denuclearized Korean Peninsula.
President Xi recognizes that a nuclear North Korea is a grave threat to China, and we agreed that we would not accept a so-called “freeze for freeze” agreement like those that have consistently failed in the past. We made that time is running out and we made it clear, and all options remain on the table.
I also had very candid conversations with President Xi about the need to reduce our staggering trade deficit with China and for our trading relationship to be conducted on a truly fair and equitable basis. We can no longer tolerate unfair trading practices that steal American jobs, wealth, and intellectual property. The days of the United States being taken advantage of are over.
In China, we also announced $250 billion worth in trade-investment deals that will create jobs in the United States.
From China, I flew to the city of Da Nang in Vietnam, to attend the Leaders Meeting for APEC -- Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation. There, I spoke to a major gathering of business leaders, where I reminded the world of America’s historic role in the Pacific as a force for freedom and for peace.
Standing on this proud history, I offered our vision for robust trading relationships in which Indo-Pacific nations can all prosper and grow together. I announced that the United States is ready to make bilateral trade deals with any nation in the region that wants to be our partner in fair and reciprocal trade.
We will never again turn a blind eye to trading abuses, to cheating, economic aggression, or anything else from countries that profess a belief in open trade, but do not follow the rules or live by its principles themselves.
No international trading organization can function if members are allowed to exploit the openness of others for unfair economic gain. Trade abuses harm the United States and its workers -- but no more. No more.
We will take every trade action necessary to achieve the fair and reciprocal treatment that the United States has offered to the rest of the world for decades.
My message has resonated. The 21 APEC leaders -- for the first time ever -- recognized the importance of fair and reciprocal trade, recognized the need to address unfair trade practices, and acknowledged that the WTO is in strong need of reform. These leaders also noted that countries must do a better job following the rules to which they agreed.
I also made very clear that the United States will promote a free and open Indo-Pacific in which nations enjoy the independence and respect they deserve.
In Vietnam, during a state visit in Hanoi, I also met with President Quang and Prime Minister Fook to discuss the growing friendship between our countries. Our Vietnamese partners are taking new actions to enforce sanctions on North Korea. In addition, we committed to expand trade and investment between our countries, and we pledged to address the imbalances. I am particularly pleased that the United States and Vietnam recently announced $12 billion in commercial agreements, which will include $10 billion in U.S. content.
Finally, I visited the Philippines, where I met with numerous world leaders at the U.S.-ASEAN and East Asia Summits. At ASEAN -- the Association of Southeast Asian Nations -- we made it clear that no one owns the ocean. Freedom of navigation and overflight are critical to the security and prosperity of all nations.
I also met with the Prime Ministers of India, Australia, and Japan to discuss our shared commitment to a free and open Indo-Pacific.
During our visit, President Duterte of the Philippines thanked the American people and our armed forces for supporting the recent liberation of Marawi from ISIS. We pledged to strengthen and deepen our long-standing alliance.
At the East Asia Summit, the United States negotiated and signed four important leaders’ statements on the use of chemical weapons, money laundering, poverty alleviation, and countering terrorist propaganda and financing.
And crucially, at both summits and throughout the trip, we asked all nations to support our campaign of maximum pressure for North Korean denuclearization. And they are responding by cutting trade with North Korea, restricting financial ties to the regime, and expelling North Korean diplomats and workers.
Over the last two weeks, we have made historic strides in reasserting American leadership, restoring American security, and reawakening American confidence.
Everywhere we went, I reaffirmed our vision for cooperation between proud, independent and sovereign countries -- and I made clear that the United States will be a reliable friend, a strong partner, and a powerful advocate for its own citizens.
The momentum from our trip will launch us on our continued effort to accomplish the three core objectives I outlined: to unite the world against North Korean nuclear threat, to promote a free and open Indo-Pacific region, and to advance fair and reciprocal economic relations with our trading partners and allies in the region.
We have established a new framework for trade that will ensure reciprocity through enforcement actions, reform of international organizations, and new fair trade deals that benefit the United States and our partners.
And we have laid out a pathway toward peace and security in our world where sovereign nations can thrive, flourish, and prosper side-by-side.
This is our beautiful vision for the future. This is a where this vision -- this dream -- is only possible if America is strong, proud, and free.
long as we are true to ourselves, faithful to our founding, and loyal to our citizens, then there is no task too great, no dream too large, no goal beyond our reach.
My fellow citizens: America is back. And the future has never looked brighter.
Thank you. God Bless you and God Bless the United States of America. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you all.
3:56 P.M. EST4:36 P.M. PHT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: It's great to have Prime Minister Modi here. We've had him at the White House, and he's become a friend of ours and a great gentleman doing a fantastic job in bringing around lots of factions in India -- bringing them all together. That's what I hear, and that's good news. And it really is. It's a lot of good reports coming out of India. So I want to congratulate you.
But it's an honor to be with you. We're rounding the turn for our last couple of stops. I have a couple of more today. And then tomorrow we have the conference, and then we leave at about three o'clock.
And it's been a great 12 days. We've had 12 days -- I don't know how many days have you had there. How long --
PRIME MINISTER MODI: (Inaudible.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, we've been doing this for 12 days, and we've really enjoyed it. And a lot of great things have happened for our country and, I think, for the world. A lot of elements were solved or in the process of being solved.
But it's a great honor to be with you, Mr. Prime Minister. Thank you. Thank you very much.
PRIME MINISTER MODI: (As interpreted.) Well, Mr. President, I'm indeed very happy to have this opportunity once again to meet you. The relations between India and the United States are growing very rapidly with a great deal of speed. And they're getting deeper and very comprehensive.
And I also feel that and that these relations between India and the U.S., they are not just for our mutual interests, but they go much beyond that. And we are working together for the interest of the future of Asia and for humanity as a whole in the world. And there are many areas where we are working together and we can work together in the future, too.
And in the past few days, wherever President Trump has traveled and whenever an opportunity arose to talk about India, he has expressed very high opinion about India and also things which are full of hope whenever he has spoken about India.
And I would like to assure you that whatever the expectations are of the world, of the United States, from India, India has always worked and made efforts to do our bit and to fulfill those expectations. And we will continue to do so in the future, too.
Once again, let me express my gratitude to President Trump for this meeting.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Thank you.
4:40 P.M. PHTPhilippine International Convention Center
Manila, Philippines
2:57 P.M. PHT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: President Duterte, distinguished leaders, friends and partners: I'm honored to represent the United States of America at this U.S.-ASEAN Commemorative Summit. We gather today at a time of great promise and great challenge.
I speak to you on behalf of 350 million Americans with a message of friendship and partnership. I'm here to advance peace, to promote security, and to work with you to achieve a truly free and open Indo-Pacific, where we are proud and we have sovereign nations, and we thrive, and everybody wants to prosper.
This year we mark 40 years of friendship and cooperation between the United States and this organization. It's a long time. I also want to congratulate ASEAN on 50 years of promoting peace and prosperity and stability in Southeast Asia and in the broader Indo-Pacific region.
Rodrigo, I would like to commend you on your success as ASEAN chair at this very critical moment in time and in the association's history -- such an important event. And I want to thank you for your incredible hospitality.
And the show last night, the talent at that show -- I assume mostly from the Philippines -- was fantastic. Thank you. And you were fantastic, also, very much, from the Philippines. (Applause.) We couldn’t tell the difference. (Laughter.)
I send the people of the Philippines warm greetings from the people of the United States.
I also want to thank Prime Minister Najib of Malaysia for the excellent job you've done as coordinator, and I appreciate it very much. I really appreciate it. You have coordinated so well with us.
For five decades, this organization has brought together a vital assembly of nations to build consensus on critical issues facing the region and the world. You have created a forum for all nations with a stake in the Indo-Pacific to listen, learn, and develop solutions to common challenges through strategic dialogue.
The United States remains committed to ASEAN's central role as a regional forum for total cooperation. This diplomatic partnership advances the security and prosperity of the American people and the people of all Indo-Pacific nations.
In recent decades, nations across the region have built strong societies, robust economies, and vibrant communities of citizens. Really proud -- totally proud, always -- of their heritage, and confident in who they are.
Today, we celebrate your incredible success, and we also seek economic partnerships on the basis of fairness and reciprocity. As the world knows, the United States, since our election on November 8th, has been moving ahead really brilliantly on an economic basis. We have the highest stock market we've ever had. We have the lowest unemployment in 17 years. The value of stocks has risen $5.5 trillion.
And companies are moving into the United States. A lot of companies are moving. They're moving back. They want to be there. The enthusiasm levels are the highest ever recorded on the charts. So we're very happy about that, and we think that bodes very well for your region because of the relationship that we have.
So we want our partners in the region to be strong, independent, and prosperous, in control of their own destinies, and satellites to no one. These are the principles behind our vision for a free and open Indo-Pacific.
So again, I wish you all the best of luck. It's an honor to be here. And, Rodrigo, thank you very much for the way you treated all of us. Thank you. (Applause.)11:10 A.M. PHT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. It's great to be with Prime Minister Turnbull and Prime Minister Abe of Australia and of Japan. You know them well; I know them well.
We've had many meetings. We're having another one right now, primarily focused on trade, North Korea, other subjects. But we're very far along. The dialogue has been very good, I think, for all countries. And we look forward to the continuation of that dialogue.
Mr. Prime Minister, would you like to say something?
PRIME MINISTER TURNBULL: Thank you, Mr. President. It is great to be with you and Prime Minister Abe. We're working very closely together. We've got the same values and the same focus on ensuring that the North Korean regime comes to its senses and stops its reckless provocation and threats of conflict in our region.
Peace and stability have underpinned the prosperity of billions of people over many decades, and we're going to work together to ensure we maintain it.
PRIME MINISTER ABE: (As interpreted.) So for three of us, the immediate challenge is the issue of North Korea. And also, three very close partners with each other -- Japan, the United States, and Australia -- share fundamental values, as well as strategic interest.
So I do hope that we are going to have a meaningful discussion, particularly on the issue of North Korea so as to ensure regional peace and stability.
And also, I think the key for us is to ensure very close trilateral cooperation so as to bring peace and stability on the ground. So I do look forward to having a very productive discussion with the two leaders.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: In addition, a lot of things are happening on trade. And I'll be announcing pretty much what happened here, and also with other meetings, including China and South Korea and lots of other places. We'll be announcing that, for the most part, in a statement. I'll make it from the White House, as opposed to from here. We'll probably do that on Wednesday. We'll give you a chance to sleep. Because the press, I have to tell you, I'm very impressed -- you've stayed with us. You were able to hang in there. I'm very proud of you. (Laughter.) But it's not finished. Steve, it's not finished. You have one day left.
Q (Inaudible.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: But see, we care for you. So we'll be making --
Q Mr. President --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Excuse me, we'll be making a statement when we get back from the White House sometime during Wednesday. And it will be a very complete statement as to trade, as to North Korea, as to a lot of other things.
We've made some very big steps with respect to trade, far bigger than anything you know, in addition to about $300 billion in sales to various companies, including China -- that was $250 billion and going up very substantially from that.
But we've made a lot of big progress on trade. We have deficits with almost everybody. Those deficits are going to be cut very quickly and very substantially.
PRIME MINISTER TURNBULL: Except us. (Laughter.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Except with you. You're the only one. (Laughter.) And if I check it, I'll probably find out that was --
PRIME MINISTER TURNBULL: Oh, no. It's real.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: So we'll be making a major statement on Wednesday. And this has been a very fruitful trip for us and, also, in all fairness, for a lot of other nations. The way they've treated us, the respect that Japan and China and South Korea, in particular -- because we went there -- have treated us has been really a great respect for the people of our country, the people of the United States.
And we very much appreciate it, I will say that. It was red carpet like nobody, I think, has probably ever received. And that really is a sign of respect, perhaps, for me a little bit, but really for our country. And I'm very proud that.
So we'll be making a statement on Wednesday. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you very much.
END
11:15 A.M. PHTHanoi, Vietnam
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much. You are a man of great honor and respect, and it's an honor to be with you. And thank you for having us. And we want to thank Vietnam and the Vietnamese people. They have been so terrific. They greeted us with such respect and, really, such affection. The relationship is so healed. And to think where we were and where we've come is a tribute to both countries.
We have so many things in common. We have been discussing at great length, today and yesterday, trade -- and trade, in particular, with Vietnam. And we're opening up and you're opening up, and it's going to even out. And we're both going to do very well for our people. Trade has become a very important element of our relationship and it will continue onward.
And again, I want to thank you very much for this. It is a true honor to be with you. Thank you.
END
11:11 A.M. ICT11:33 A.M. ICT
PRIME MINISTER PHÚC: (No translation provided.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much, Mr. Prime Minister. I want to start by saying that the job done by Vietnam and your representatives, including yourself, the President, and everybody that I met -- so many -- is outstanding with respect to APEC. This was hosted so beautifully, so professionally.
I got to tour parts of Vietnam, and it's really looking well. It's looking beautiful. And the people are happy, and the people are waving, and they like the United States; perhaps they like me. But they were really lined up in the streets by the tens of thousands, and we very much appreciate that.
You are right -- I believe this is the longest tour ever made by an American President of Asia. I'm now going for a day and a half to the Philippines, and then it will be back home to Washington and the United States. But we have really enjoyed ourselves in Vietnam, and we very much appreciate it.
Important to me is trade, because right now we have a very substantial trade imbalance with Vietnam -- approximately $32 billion, which is a tremendous amount of money. And we have to take care of our American companies and we have to take care of American workers. And perhaps the administrations previous to me didn’t like the subject, understand the subject -- something was wrong -- because there are so many problems having to do with trade imbalance. So we want to get that straightened out very quickly.
We would like you to buy your equipment from the United States. We make the best equipment, we make the best military gear and planes and anything you can name. The missiles are in a category that nobody even comes close.
I told before, as you know, a missile was shot into Saudi Arabia recently, from Yemen. And one of our missile systems knocked it down. Nobody even knew what happened. And the missile exploded in air; knocked it down like nothing. We make the greatest missiles in the world, greatest planes in the world, greatest commercial aircraft in the world.
So we would like Vietnam to buy from us, and we have to get rid of the trade imbalance. We can't have the trade imbalance.
Other than that, I think we're going to have a fantastic relationship, and I look forward to it for many years to come.
Thank you.
11:39 A.M. ICTPresidential Palace
Hanoi, Vietnam
9:14 A.M. ICT
PRESIDENT QUANG: (No translation provided.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much. And I appreciate it. And I appreciate the incredible rollout that they've given to the United States -- not just the President of the United States, but the United States as a whole.
We've had an incredible day in Vietnam. The APEC meeting started it out, and that was a tremendous success. And thank you very much for hosting it.
I want to just wish my best in condolences for the situation that you have with Damrey. That was tough. That was very, very tough. And I know you're handling it well. And our best wishes and condolences.
We also want to thank you for helping us with the U.S. embassy site where we have a new embassy. And it will be something that, I think, will be very good for the future and the future of our two countries.
The North Korean situation continues to be a problem. I think that China -- as you know, we saw -- we were in China yesterday and the day before. And President Xi, I think, is going to be a tremendous help. I hope Russia, likewise, will be a tremendous help. I think they can make a big difference.
I know that South Korea and Japan are very much unified in the sense that they want to be able to take care of a problem that's right next to them. Really, they're neighbors. And I appreciate all of the good work you're doing with regard to the North Korean problem.
South China Sea -- as you know, we're looking at -- we're looking at it together. If I could help mediate or arbitrate, please let me know. I know we've had a dispute for quite a while with China. If I can help in any way, I'm a very good mediator and a very good arbitrator. I have done plenty of it from both sides. So if I can help you, let me know.
Our defense ties are terrific. We're doing a lot of business with you in terms of your purchasing of materials and also purchasing of very substantial military equipment. And we appreciate that. It's jobs for America, and you get the best equipment in the world. Nobody makes it like we make it.
And I think that more than anything else, this will be a meeting of trade. We will be a great trade partner, and whether we'll be treated fairly -- past administrations didn't understand trade and didn't know too much about what was going on with trade. But we do. But we also know how to do a lot of trade. So I think it's going to very, very good for Vietnam.
And, Mr. President, I just again want to thank you for being so respectful and nice to my entire delegation and to its President. And on behalf of the United States of America, we wish you very well and a great respect for what Vietnam has been able to accomplish and do in a very, very short period of time.
So I want to give you a personal congratulations. Thank you very much.
9:19 A.M. ICT10:27 A.M. ICT
PRESIDENT QUANG: (As interpreted.) Your Excellency Donald Trump, President of the United States of America, ladies and gentlemen, members of the media: President Trump and I have had fruitful talks about the bilateral relations and regional and international issues of mutual interest.
We both share the views that the bilateral relations have scored substantial results over the years, delivering enormous benefits to the people of both countries.
During President Trump's state visit to Vietnam, Vietnam and the United States issued a joint statement pledging to further deepen the Vietnam-United States Comprehensive Partnership on the basis of mutual respect for each other's independence, sovereignty, territorial integrity, and political systems.
Within the visit's framework, the two sides reached important agreements on economy and trade. Addressing war legacy issues will receive higher priority, and we are committed to collaborate actively on this matter. Vietnam highly values the United States decision to cooperate with Vietnam on dioxin cleanup at Bien Hoa Air Base after the two countries successfully concluded the dioxin cleanup project at Da Nang Airport.
The President and I discussed regional and international issues of mutual interest. We agreed to strengthen our close coordination at regional and international forums to contribute to the maintenance of peace and stability in the region and the world at large.
We also agreed on the importance of the ASEAN-United States strategic partnership. We believe that the development of Vietnam-U.S. relations would not only benefit each country, but also contribute to strengthening ASEAN-U.S. relations for peace, stability, cooperation and development in the Asia Pacific and the world.
The President's state visit to Vietnam marks a milestone in Vietnam-U.S. relations, creating strong momentum for the substantive, effective and stable development of the bilateral comprehensive partnership.
I wish President Trump and members of the U.S. delegation a successful visit, and I hope that you will have good impressions of our country and our people.
I sincerely thank Mr. President, personally, and the American people for the warm friendship towards our country and people, and I appreciate the great efforts to develop Vietnam-U.S. bilateral relations. I would also like to thank all American and Vietnamese reporters who are here today. Thank you very much.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much, President Quang. And thank you for your tremendous hospitality during my first visit to Vietnam. It is a pleasure to be with you right here in Hanoi.
On behalf of the entire American delegation, I want to thank the Vietnamese people for their warm welcome, and to reaffirm the strong friendship and growing partnership between our two nations.
Travelers from all around the world, including many Americans, come to Vietnam each year to admire your magnificent limestone mountains, cycle through your many winding hillsides, or swim in the majestic Ha Long Bay.
Your nation’s magnificence brings different people together from around the world in shared appreciation of the great beauty and splendor of your wonderful country. Over the past two decades, our two nations have come together to find common purpose based on common interests. And that's what's happening. It is those crucial bonds we are here to reaffirm today.
In May, the United States transferred the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Morgenthau to the people and country of Vietnam. Named for U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Morgenthau Jr., this vessel once patrolled the coasts of Vietnam during the Vietnam War. Today, the same American vessel, a gift between partners, is sailing the waters of the Pacific on its way to patrol these coasts for the people of Vietnam.
This month we mark Veterans Day in the United States. And out of war and conflict, we have achieved a deep friendship, partnership, and we have achieved peace. Bound by mutual respect and common experience, our veterans laid the foundation for that achievement between our nations.
Our decades-long joint humanitarian efforts with the Vietnamese people and government to account for and recover personnel still missing -- so important to us -- from the war honors these horrors of this horrendous war. We want our servicemembers support -- and we give total support to the families, and we strengthen the foundation of our comprehensive partnership. That is so important to us.
In the spirit of our friendship, I want to congratulate President Quang for hosting a very successful APEC Leaders Meeting this week in Da Nang. Congratulations. You did a fantastic job. Thank you.
As I stated in my address to the APEC CEO Summit on Friday, the United States is committed to a free and open Indo-Pacific, where strong, independent nations respect each other’s sovereignty, uphold the rule of law, and advance responsible commerce. We want our partners in the Indo-Pacific to be proud and self-reliant, not proxies or satellites.
We look forward to achieving a bilateral trade agreement with partners who abide by the principles of fair and reciprocal trade -- two very important words: fair and reciprocal. It hasn't been that way for the United States almost at all. And we're changing that, and we're changing it rapidly. For trade to work, all countries must play by the rules.
I am encouraged that Vietnam has recently become the fastest growing export market to the United States.
Mr. President, I applaud your efforts to implement economic reforms and increase Vietnam’s trade and investment in all directions. The United States is enthusiastic about reforms that promote economic prosperity for all Vietnamese citizens, as we look to your growing middle class as a key market for American goods and services. We just had a great discussion about American goods and services coming in to Vietnam. Two-way street.
I am confident that American energy, agriculture, financial services, aviation, digital commerce, and defense products are able to meet all of your many commercial needs -- and, in fact, not only meet them, but what we do is better than anybody else.
Moving forward, I welcome Vietnam’s commitment to eliminating trade barriers for U.S. agricultural products. It's very important. We must ensure that American farmers and all American companies, especially those in digital services and e-commerce, can compete on a level playing field. And we look forward to working with you to combat predatory and unfair trade practices in the region.
On security issues, we continue to work with our Vietnamese partners and with partners across the region on a range of challenges, including maritime security, counterterrorism, human and drug trafficking, cybercrime, and disease prevention.
Later today, I will travel to the Philippines, where I will discuss many of these issues at the U.S.-ASEAN Summit and the East Asia Summit. The ASEAN Summit is going to be something, I think, very, very special. I look forward to attending.
We will also discuss the growing threat from North Korea. As I said in my speech to the Republic of Korea’s National Assembly: All responsible nations must act now to ensure that North Korea’s rogue regime stops threatening the world with unthinkable loss of life.
Safety and security are goals that should unite all civilized nations. We want progress, not provocation. I mean, we have been provoked; the world has been provoked. We don't want that. We want stability, not chaos. And we want peace, not war.
Mr. President, thank you for being such a gracious host during my time right here in Vietnam. I toured areas of Vietnam, and it is magnificent what’s happening.
Over the past two decades, our nations have continued to grow closer in advancing our shared interests. The history of our two nations reveals the possibilities for peace and progress in our world. Moving forward as partners, we will achieve great prosperity and success for the American people and for the Vietnamese people.
I thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
Q (As interpreted.) President Trần Đại Quang, I'm from Vietnamese Agency. Can you elaborate of progress in the Vietnam-U.S. relations over the past few years?
PRESIDENT QUANG: (As interpreted.) Over the past years, the Vietnam-U.S. relations have made very strong progress in all areas -- politics, diplomacy, economy, trade, science and technology, health, humanitarian areas, and people-to-people exchange.
And, in particular, high-level contacts, meetings, and exchange of delegations on the basis of the comprehensive partnership have produced substantive and meaningful results. And, among them, the visit to the United States by Prime Minister Nguyễn Xuân Phúc in May this year, and the state visit to Vietnam of Honorable President Donald Trump in the very first year of his term of office are the highlights.
Meetings between leaders of Vietnam and the President during his visit are very useful, and the meetings give us the opportunity to understand each other better and to work together on areas of mutual interest.
The substantive and effective growth of the comprehensive partnership between the two countries have been, and will be, delivering benefits to our two peoples and contributing to the maintenance of peace, stability, cooperation, and prosperity in the region and the world.
Thank you.
Q I'm from VTV and have another question for President Trần Đại Quang. Can you please provide your assessment of the future outlook of the Vietnam-U.S. relationship?
PRESIDENT QUANG: (As interpreted.) Thank you for your question. Well, during the talks that I had with the President, we acknowledged that there is still much room for further expansion of the bilateral relations, and we discussed ways and means to further strengthen the cooperation in a more substantive and effective manner in the time to come.
And the two sides also pledged to increase contacts and dialogues, especially the high-level meetings through bilateral visits and meetings at the sidelines of the regional and international forums.
The two sides will also promote the momentum for development of the economic and trade investment relations on the basis of mutual interest, minimize the trade investment disputes, and will continue to effectively implement the economic and trade agreements that we have signed.
We'll also strengthen cooperation in science and technology, environment, climate change, humanitarian issues, human resources development, and expanding people-to-people exchange -- for the enhanced comprehensive partnership, the interest of the two peoples and for the benefit of peace, stability, cooperation, and development in the region and the world. Thank you.
Q Thank you, Mr. President. And if I could throw a little bit of a change up here, I'll ask both leaders a question as opposed to just one.
Mr. President, to you, if we could first. On the way here to Hanoi, from Da Nang, you talked about your meetings with Russian President Vladimir Putin yesterday in which you said you received further assurances from him that he did not meddle in the U.S. election.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: That's true.
Q There was some uncertainty that brewed back in the United States over your statement that you said, "When he tells me that, I believe that he means it." That was taken in some circles, including Senator John McCain, to think that you believe that he is saying he did not interfere in the election. Could you, once and for all, definitively, sir -- yes or no -- say whether or not you believe that President Putin and/or Russia interfered in the election?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: What I said there, I'm surprised that there's any conflict on this. What I said there is that I believe he believes that, and that's very important for somebody to believe. I believe that he feels that he and Russia did not meddle in the election.
As to whether I believe it or not, I'm with our agencies, especially as currently constituted with their leadership. I believe in our intel agencies, our intelligence agencies. I've worked with them very strongly. There weren’t seventeen as was previously reported; there were actually four. But they were saying there was seventeen; there were actually four. But as currently led by fine people, I believe very much in our intelligence agencies.
Now, at the same time, I want to be able -- because I think it's very important -- to get along with Russia, to get along with China, to get along with Vietnam, to get along with lots of countries, because we have a lot of things we have to solve. And, frankly, Russia and China in particular can help us with the North Korea problem, which is one of our truly great problems.
So I'm not looking to stand and start arguing with somebody when there's reporters all around and cameras recording and seeing our conversation. I think it was very obvious to everybody. I believe that President Putin really feels -- and he feels strongly -- that he did not meddle in our election. What he believes is what he believes.
What I believe is that we have to get to work. And I think everybody understood this that heard the answer. We have to get to work to solve Syria, to solve North Korea, to solve Ukraine, to solve terrorism.
And, you know, people don't realize Russia has been very, very heavily sanctioned. They were sanctioned at a very high level, and that took place very recently. It's now time to get back to healing a world that is shattered and broken. Those are very important things. And I feel that having Russia in a friendly posture, as opposed to always fighting with them, is an asset to the world and an asset to our country, not a liability.
And, by the way, Hillary Clinton had the reset button. She wanted to get back together with Russia. She even spelled "reset" wrong. That's how it started, and then it got worse.
President Obama wanted to get along with Russia, but the chemistry wasn't there. Getting along with other nations is a good thing, not a bad thing -- believe me. It's a good thing, not a bad thing.
Okay, second.
Q President Quang, if I could ask a question of you. There are some people who believe that Vietnam could make an effective facilitator in bringing the United States and North Korea together to at least lay the groundwork, potentially, for negotiations. What do you believe Vietnam could bring to the table in that regard?
PRESIDENT QUANG: (As interpreted.) On North Korea issue, Vietnam is committed to seriously observing all the relevant resolution at the UNSC, and we support the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. And we'll do our utmost and do whatever we can to contribute to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
Thank you.
Q You tweeted this morning about trying very hard to be friends with Kim Jong-un. Is that really a possibility? What would it take for that to happen at this point?
And for President Quang, could you comment on the President's offer to mediate the South China Sea dispute? Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Steve, I think anything is a possibility. Strange things happen in life. That might be a strange thing to happen, but it's certainly a possibility. If that did happen, it would be a good thing for -- I can tell you -- for North Korea. But it would also be good for lots of other places, and it would be good for the world.
So, certainly, it is something that could happen. I don't know that it will, but it would be very, very nice if it did.
PRESIDENT QUANG: (As interpreted.) With regard to the South China Sea issue, I have shared my thoughts with President Donald Trump on the recent developments in this area. And it is our policy to settle disputes in the South China Sea through peaceful negotiations, and with respect for diplomatic and legal process, in accordance with international law, including the 1982 U.N. Convention on Law of the Sea.
Thank you very much.
10:48 A.M. ICTHanoi, Vietnam
8:18 P.M. ICT
PRESIDENT QUANG: (As interpreted.) Mr. Donald Trump, President of the United States of America, distinguished American guests, ladies and gentlemen: On behalf of the leaders and people of Vietnam, I warmly welcome Mr. President and the high-level American delegation to Hanoi, Vietnam on a state visit at the most vibrant time of bilateral relations.
Leaders of the two countries attach great importance to the bilateral comprehensive cooperation. The presence of Mr. President and the distinguished American guests in Hanoi at the invitation of Vietnamese leaders is a testimony to that, as well as to the strong vitality of our relationship.
My congratulations to Mr. President on your productive, successful days within the APEC Economics Leaders Week in Da Nang City, with significant contributions to the overall success of the summit. I particularly appreciate Mr. President's impressive speech at the APEC CEO Summit with a message reaffirming the strong and long-term commitment of the United States to the Asia Pacific, Indian Ocean, and the nearby region.
As an Asia Pacific power, the United States has been and will be playing a very important role to the regional countries, and we want the United States to promote that role in a more active manner.
Mr. President has stayed in Da Nang and is now in Hanoi. I believe you and other members of the delegation will better receive the hospitality and friendliness of the Vietnamese people accorded to you and the American people, as well as enjoying the beauty of Hanoi in fall.
Mr. President and distinguished American friends, the relationship between Vietnam and the United States has had a longstanding history. In the early years of the previous century, President Ho Chi Minh, a hero of national liberation and a great man of culture, as honored by UNESCO, was on his voyage in search of national salvation. He made a stop in Boston, Massachusetts, a cradle of the American Revolution.
The time he stayed and worked in the U.S. made him believe in the United States and American people as a partner and friends. Right before the establishment of the Vietnam Democratic Republic in August, 1945, President Ho Chi Minh had expressed the desire to meet American friends.
Rising above the ups and downs of history, Vietnam and the United States are now friends and comprehensive partners with mutual respect -- respect for independence, sovereignty, territorial integrity, and respective political system -- making joint efforts for the Asia Pacific of peace, stability, cooperation, and development.
Since the normalization of relations two decades ago, leaders and people of the two countries have shelved the past, overcome differences, built on similarities, looked to the future, and unceasingly forged bilateral friendship and cooperation.
With the efforts of the leaders and people of both countries, the momentum of bilateral comprehensive partnership has been well maintained and promoted since the taking office of President Donald Trump. Cooperation has continued to grow, becoming more productive and substantive in a range of areas, such as politics, foreign affairs, economic, trade, healthcare, humanitarian issues, science and technology, exchange of people -- which benefit both sides.
We are happy to note the completion of main components of the Da Nang Airport remediation project.
President Donald Trump's visit to Vietnam represents an important milestone and the best moment in the history of bilateral relations, opening up a vast future for new pages in the bonds between our nations. I wish to share Mr. President's words: No dream is too big, no challenge is too great. Nothing we want for our future is beyond our reach.
In the regional and international landscape of tremendous changes, I believe the comprehensive, stable, and mutually beneficial relations between Vietnam and the United States will be a positive factor, significantly contributing to the maintenance of peace, stability, cooperation, and development in the region and the world.
In this warm and friendly atmosphere, may I invite, Mr. President, American and Vietnamese friends to raise our glasses: To the ever-expanding relations between Vietnam and the United States, to the health of Mr. President, the two countries' leaders, and to you all present here tonight.
Thank you.
(A toast is offered.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: President Quang, I would like to thank you very much. This is a very, very special time to be with you and the great people of Vietnam. We have come a long way, the United States and Vietnam. We've seen it from both sides of the picture, and this is the pleasant side.
You are doing a spectacular job, your people are doing a spectacular job, and in the United States likewise we are doing very, very well. We've had the highest stock market we've ever had, we had the lowest unemployment in 17 years, and people are pouring back into our country in the form of manufacturers, car builders, and others.
I toured Vietnam today. I was through the streets of Hanoi, and it's incredible to see, incredible to watch, and it's truly one of the great marvels. It really is something to behold. I would like to congratulate the people of Vietnam; I would like to congratulate you, Mr. President, on an outstanding job.
I would also like to send my condolences on Typhoon Damrey, which was devastating and a great loss of life in Vietnam. And please give my regards and our sympathies to everyone. I know you will rebuild, and the families will slowly rebuild. Very tough to recover from that kind of a loss. But please, on behalf of the United States, our condolences.
And at the same time, our congratulations on a job well done. Vietnam has truly become one of the great miracles of the world, and it's very impressive. No matter where you come from, no matter who you are, when you look at what's happened in Vietnam, there is nothing more impressive.
Thank you very much for this honor, and I look forward to seeing you, Mr. President, many, many times over the future. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
8:32 P.M. ICTEn Route Hanoi, Vietnam
3:35 P.M. ICT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Everybody okay? Everybody happy? Everybody healthy? Two more days -- no problem.
It's been a -- I think it's been a great trip. In certain ways, it's been very epic. I think things have happened that have been really amazing. Prime Minister Abe came up to me just at the end, and he said that since you left South Korea and Japan, that those two countries are now getting along much, much better. That's from Prime Minister Abe -- that there's been a real bonding between South Korea and Japan. So that was great.
And we had a time in China. You were there. Were most of you there? Jennifer?
Q We all were, sir.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: They say in the history of people coming to China, there's been nothing like that. And I believe it.
Did you see the show? Did most of you see the show or part of the show afterwards? It was incredible.
Q We saw the opera but not the --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: The opera was great too, but the following night -- that was the first time that theater has been used at the Forbidden City in over a hundred years. You know that. They prepared the theater for that -- the first time in over a hundred years.
No, it was an amazing -- we have an amazing feeling toward each other. And he's for China; I'm for USA. You know, it's one of those things. But we have a great feeling.
So it's been really very incredible. And then today was excellent. Today was a different kind of a thing. It's a conference.
And then tonight they're having a state dinner in Hanoi. And we then go to the Philippines, which was a rough trip the last time. That was a rough presidential trip, but this won't be. And we're staying the extra day because they have the two conferences; they have first day and they have the second day. And the second day, a lot of people say is very important. And I said, you know what, if I'm there, I should do it.
But it's gone really well. I've really enjoyed it. Developed some new friendships -- some really good friendships. But the three countries we've stopped in, the original three are -- they're really in our camp, and we're in their camp.
Q How were your discussions with Vladimir Putin? Did you discuss Syria? And apparently they've issued a joint statement that --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We issued a joint statement. We're going to be -- have you seen the statement yet?
MS. SANDERS: It's going out -- it's on the way.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: So I think it'll go out. You'll see it in a little while.
MS. SANDERS: It may be out, now that you guys -- now that we're in the air.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: It's going to save tremendous numbers of lives. And we did that very quickly. We agreed very quickly.
As you know, we saw each other last night just for a picture, and that was the first time. And then today we had a roundtable with numerous countries. You have a list of the countries, obviously. Right? You have a list.
And we spoke intermittently during that roundtable. We seem to have a very good feeling for each other and a good relationship considering we don't know each other well. I think it's a very good relationship.
We had two or three very short conversations because of the meeting, the fact that we're at a meeting. But during those conversations, we talked about Syria and de-conflicting, et cetera. You know, we have areas where troops are facing -- our troops -- I mean, their troops are facing our troops and there's nothing in between.
And we issued a statement -- a joint statement. It was just approved, and I think people are going to be extremely happy with it and also very impressed with it.
Q Did Russia's attempts to meddle in U.S. elections come up in the conversation?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: He said he didn't meddle. He said he didn't meddle. I asked him again. You can only ask so many times. But I just asked him again, and he said he absolutely did not meddle in our election. He did not do what they're saying he did. And he said --
Q Do you believe him?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, look, I can't stand there and argue with him. I'd rather have him get out of Syria, to be honest with you. I'd rather have him -- you know, work with him on the Ukraine than standing and arguing about whether or not -- because that whole thing was set up by the Democrats.
I mean, they ought to look at Podesta. They ought to look at all of the things that they've done with the phony dossier. Those are the big events. Those are the big events.
But Putin said he did not do what they said he did. And, you know, there are those that say, if he did do it, he wouldn't have gotten caught, all right? Which is a very interesting statement. But we have a -- you know, we have a good feeling toward getting things done.
If we had a relationship with Russia, that would be a good thing. In fact, it would be a great thing, not a bad thing. Because he could really help us in North Korea. We have a big problem with North Korea. And China is helping us. And because of the lack of a relationship that we have with Russia because of this artificial thing that's happening with this Democratic-inspired thing, we could really be helped a lot, tremendously, with Russia having to do with North Korea.
And, you know, you're talking about millions and millions of lives. This isn't baby stuff. This is the real deal. And if Russia helped us, in addition to China, that problem would go away a lot faster.
Q How did you bring up the issue of election meddling? Did you ask him a question?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: He just -- every time he sees me, he says, "I didn't do that." And I believe -- I really believe that when he tells me that, he means it. But he says, "I didn't do that." I think he's very insulted by it, if you want to know the truth.
Don't forget, all he said is he never did that, he didn't do that. I think he's very insulted by it, which is not a good thing for our country. Because again, if we had a relationship with Russia, North Korea -- which is our single biggest problem right now -- North Korea, it would be helped a lot. I think I'm doing very well with respect to China. They've cut off financing; they've cut off bank lines; they've cut off lots of oil and lots of other things, lots of trade. And it's having a big impact. But Russia, on the other hand, may be making up the difference. And if they are, that's not a good thing.
So having a relationship with Russia would be a great thing -- not a good thing -- it would be a great thing, especially as it relates to North Korea.
And I'll say this, Hillary had her stupid reset button that she spelled the word wrong, but she doesn't have what it takes to have that kind of a relationship where you could call or you could do something and they would pull back from North Korea, or they'd pull back from Syria, or maybe pull back from Ukraine. I mean, if we could solve the Ukraine problem --
But this is really an artificial barrier that's put in front of us for solving problems with Russia, and he says that very strongly. He really seems to be insulted by it, and he says he didn't do it. So --
Q (Inaudible) do you believe him --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Excuse me?
Q Even if he (inaudible) one-on-one, do you believe him?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I think that he is very, very strong in the fact that he didn't do it. And then you look, and you look at what's going on with Podesta, and you look at what's going on with the server from the DNC and why didn't the FBI take it, why did they leave it; why did a third party look at the server and not the FBI -- if you look at all of this stuff, and you say, what's going on here?
And then you hear it's 17 agencies. Well, it's three. And one is Brennan and one is whatever. I mean, give me a break. They're political hacks.
So you look at it -- I mean, you have Brennan, you have Clapper, and you have Comey. Comey is proven now to be a liar and he's proven to be a leaker.
So you look at that, and you have President Putin very strongly, vehemently says he had nothing to do with that. Now, you're not going to get into an argument. You're going to start talking about Syria and the Ukraine.
Q You seem to have a fairly warm relationship with a number of --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I do.
Q -- totalitarian or authoritarian leaders --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: And others.
Q And others. So, Putin, Xi, leader of the Philippines. Do you think you -- what do you think -- do you think you understand them in a certain way or relate to them in a way that other Presidents haven't?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I don’t know. They had a story today in one of the papers about China. China likes me. China likes me. And I get along with them; I get along with others too.
I get along very well with Angela. You people don't write that. I actually get along really well with Angela. You know, they had that handshaking event. I was with her for a long time before that. And somebody shouts out, "shake her hand, shake her hand." And I didn't hear them. So by not shaking her hand, they said -- I have a great relationship with her. I have a great relationship with Theresa May. I have a great relationship with Justin Trudeau, who I just left.
I think I -- I'll be honest with you, I think I have a great relationship with every single one of them. Every person in that room today -- you had what, 15, or so, or 18? Asia Pacific --
Q Well, 21 including you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Everyone in that room, I have a good relationship. They're very different people, but everyone. And I do have a very good relationship with Xi, obviously. It's the biggest state -- it's the biggest state entrance and the biggest state dinner they've ever had, by far, in China. He called it a state-plus. Like he said it -- he actually said, state-plus-plus, which is very interesting.
But he's -- you know, look, again, he's a strong person. He's a very smart person. I like him a lot; he likes me. But, you know, we represent two very different countries. But we get along very well. And that's a good thing that we along; that's not a bad thing.
And on trade, you know, it was -- most of the news covered it fairly. Some didn't. When I said it's not your fault -- because I was saying how China has been hurting us on trade for many decades, for many years -- and it really is. It's not his fault. We should have been doing that. But we didn't do it. It's the fault of the administrations that preceded me. And we're not going to do that anymore; we're going to be very tough on trade. And he understands that.
Q In the past, American presidents have felt the obligation to raise issues about human rights abuses. Do you feel like that's an obligation and that's something that you feel is important to do?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I do. But I also raise issues on many other things. I mean, I have an obligation -- we lost, last year, with China, depending on the way you do your numbers, because you can do them a numbers of way -- anywhere from $350 [billion] to $504 billion. That's with one country. I’m going to fix that. And I've got to fix what we have with Mexico, who was there today too, who I also have a very good relationship with. And I have a great relationship with France. Some of you were in France with me, with the Eiffel Tower dinner. We have a great relationship with Emmanuel.
So I think that's the thing. I've actually been getting -- I always said it, I think -- I said, I think one of my strong suits is going to be foreign affairs. And we're actually getting very good marks having to do with foreign affairs. There's nobody that I can think of that I don't have a very good relationship with.
But when we can -- I mean, you'll be seeing the release that's put out. But we can save many, many, many lives by making a deal with Russia having to do with Syria, and then ultimately getting Syria solved and getting Ukraine solved and doing other things, having a good relationship with Russia is a great, great thing.
And this artificial Democratic hit job gets in the way. It gets in the way. And that's a shame because people will die because of it. And it's a pure hit job. And it's artificially induced. And it's a shame. But anyway.
Q If we could ask you about Roy Moore. Is it time to pitch him overboard?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, again, I've been with you folks, so I haven't gotten to see too much. And believe it or not, even when I'm in Washington and New York, I do not watch much television. I know they like to say -- people that don't know me, they like to say I watch television. People with fake sources -- you know, fake reporters, fake sources. But I don't get to watch much television, primarily because of documents. I'm reading documents a lot, and different things.
I actually read much more -- I read you people much more than I watch television. But anyway -- but so I have not seen very much about him, about it. And, you know, I put out a statement yesterday that he'll do the right thing, that -- he was interviewed.
Q But four women have come forward and accused him of inappropriately touching them, basically making advances when they were underage, including a 14-year-old. I mean, at what point -- and you said, "if he did it." But at what point do you decide if he did it? It's right now their word against his.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Honestly, I'd have to look at it and I'd have to see. Because again, I’m dealing with the President of China, the President of Russia, I'm dealing with the folks over here. So I haven't devoted -- I haven't been able to devote very much time to it.
And I've been at -- I mean, you people are just as strong as me. You're following me all over the place. I mean, we are going to lots of meetings, right? And, by the way, anybody that took the bet, pick up your money, okay? And the hard stuff was that. Really hard.
Q What was the bet again?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, a lot of people said it's almost physically impossible for someone to go through 12 days.
What I didn't want to do was come back because I would have had to come back. And we would have been on this plane again in five weeks from now exactly to do four days. We were going to do four days and four days. And this way we did twelve, and we hit the big conferences, which is a big asset. So anyway.
Q So you're not yet prepared to say that Roy Moore should --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I will see it when -- I mean, I basically put out a statement which was obvious. So I'll stick with statement for now, but I'll have further comment as we go down the road. I have to get back into the country to see what's happening.
Q Is there one thing that you were pressing President Xi on that you can say you're going to take away, where he changed his mind or agreed to something that you're looking to do specifically on North Korea?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: President Xi made a statement. If you read his statement yesterday -- were you all there when he was speaking and made the statement in the big room -- the Great Room?
He made a statement that he's committed to stopping the nuclearization of North Korea. That's a big statement. He made that statement, and a lot of people didn't -- they didn't pick that up. I don't think it was -- because it was part of the speech. And somehow a lot people -- to me, that was a very big statement. I even looked up -- because I’m sitting waiting to speak -- and I said, wow, that's a big statement. He made that statement in his speech yesterday or the day before, when he made -- you know, when we were speaking together. He put a statement out, Sarah, that said he's committed to making that happen. That's a big statement.
You know, he was, through this process -- he's the most powerful Chinese leader since Mao Zedong. Some people say more powerful than Mao. With that being said, I really believe he's a good person, he's a good man, he wants to do right, he's representing his people. He's strong, he's very strong. But you know, you look at some of what you saw was very impressive. It was very impressive.
Q What's the next thing you'd like to see him do on Korea?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Oh, I'd like to have him ratchet it up, and I think he's doing that. We had a long talk about it.
Q But ratchet it up with what?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: And I was with him for hours. You know, I was with him -- like I sat with him. You were there at the beginning of that evening, right? Of the --
Q No.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Oh, really?
Q I wasn't pool.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I was sitting with him. We were together for hours. And the day before, we were together for hours. And we get along very well. You know, it's easy to be with him for hours. Whereas, if you don't have chemistry, you people know, you can't be with somebody for two minutes. And we talked a lot about North Korea. We talked about a lot of things. We talked a lot about North Korea.
No, I think he's going to ratchet it up. I did not speak to President Putin about it because we just had these little segments that we were talking about Syria. But President Putin would be tremendously helpful -- tremendously helpful -- if I had Russia and China helping us with North Korea, I think that would solve it. But this artificial barrier gets in the way. I call it the "artificial Democrat barrier." It gets in the way, which is a shame.
Q So you didn't have time to ask Putin specific things on North Korea?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I wasn’t able to -- because I really didn't, Jennifer. I really just -- we did, like, little snippets in between. We didn't have a planned meeting. We spoke, but we didn't have a planned meeting.
Q Where did you leave it with President Putin? Are you looking for another meeting? Him coming to the U.S.? Or are you --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We'll have a meeting. I think we have the potential to have a very good relationship. I don’t know him like I know President Xi because I've spent a lot of time with President Xi, but I think we have the potential to have a very, very good relationship. I have it with Abe. I have it with Abe. Very good.
Q Did you see Abe fall at the sand trap?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I didn't. I say this: If that was him, he is one of the greatest gymnasts because the way he -- (laughter) -- it was like a perfect -- I never saw anything like that.
No, wasn't it amazing? And he was standing up. I told him -- I said, I'm not going to ask -- because it was shot from a helicopter. I said, I will not ask if that's you, but if it was, I'm very impressed because you're better than any gymnast I've ever seen.
Q What do you mean by "artificial Democratic barrier"? I mean, you and Putin can't warm up because of this investigation? Or what --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: There's an artificial barrier that puts in the way by the Democrats. It's a fake barrier. There was no collusion. Everybody knows there was no collusion. I mean, you speak to these people -- I saw Dianne Feinstein the other day and I respect her. She was on television the other day saying there's no collusion. The Democrats -- the Republicans come out screaming it, but the Democrats come out, and they say, "No, there's no collusion." There is no collusion. There's nothing.
And I think it's a shame that something like that can destroy a very important potential relationship between two countries that are very important countries. Russia could really help us. And the Democrats wanted to have a good relationship with Russia, but they couldn't do it because they didn't have the talent to do it. They didn't have the chemistry to do it. They didn't have what it takes to do it. You know, there is a talent to that.
But I think Putin and I -- President Putin and I would have a great relationship, and that would be great for both countries. And it would take a lot of the danger out because we're really -- you know, this is a dangerous time. This isn't small stuff. This is a very dangerous time. And having a great relationship, or even a good relationship, with the President of Russia -- Hillary tried it, and she failed. Nobody mentions that. They act like, you know -- it's so terrible. She did that reset button; it was a joke. But she tried and she failed.
Obama tried and he failed. Couldn't have it, because he didn't have chemistry. They didn't have the right chemistry. And you know what? I understand that, because there are some people I don't have chemistry with. Let's see, some of you are right here. (Laughter.) There are some people I don't -- you know, sometimes if you don't have chemistry with somebody, you don't.
But Obama did not have the right chemistry with Putin. And Hillary was way over her head.
MS. SANDERS: Let's take one more and then let them have lunch.
Q Were you able to get any commitments -- when it comes to the trade balance, some of the issues you talk about like intellectual property theft -- did he make any commitments there to make changes?
THE PRESIDENT: You know, the intellectual property -- you're talking about $300 billion a year. It's tremendous. We talked about it. But I said, we're friends, but this is a different administration than you've had for the last 30 years. For the last 30 years, China -- and, in all fairness, and other countries. Look, we have a $71 billion trade deficit with Mexico. We have a $70 billion trade deficit with Japan. We have a $30 billion trade deficit with South Korea. I could go through a whole list. There are few countries we have a surplus with, and those countries it's like a two-dollar surplus. It's disgraceful.
And I don't blame any of those countries. I blame the people that we had representing us who didn't know what they were doing. Because they should have never let it happen.
Q I'd like to ask a question on AT&T and CNN. Do you want AT&T to sell CNN for the --
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I didn't make the decision. That was made by a man who's actually a very respected person -- a very, very respected person.
I did make a comment in the past as to what I think. I do feel that you should have as many news outlets as you can, especially since so many of them are fake. This way, at least you can get your word out. But I do believe you should have as many news outlets as you can.
Now, with that being said, I didn't make a statement on it, but I made that statement long before at the very early part. So we'll see how that -- it will probably end up being maybe litigation, maybe not. We'll see how it all plays out.
Q Did you talk to Xi about opening China to Twitter and other social media?
THE PRESIDENT: About what?
Q Opening China to Twitter.
THE PRESIDENT: I mentioned it very briefly. Honestly, it wasn't number one on my list. Number one on my list with him was North Korea and trade. Those are the two I really spoke. I mentioned it, you know, briefly, but we'll talk. I'm going to have plenty of time to talk. He'll come here next time.
This all started in Florida, and it's a great feeling to have that kind of a relationship where you can really help your country. Because we can really help our country, and he can really help his country.
But we're going to be very tough on trade. This is not going to be like it was in the past. I did tell him that. This is not going to be the old days. This is a whole different thing going on.
And, you know, it's not acceptable what's been happening with trade, generally. China, yes -- but generally. And I can think of almost no examples where it's good. It's all bad. We had the worst negotiators, whether it's the Iran deal or any other thing. We had the worst -- our trade deals are so bad. Last year, we lost $800 billion, right? Yeah. $800 [billion], approximately. Check it. But approximately $800 billion on trade. Why?
Q You put your own guys in there now. So what did you get from him?
THE PRESIDENT: I have a great team. Bob Lighthizer. Bob Lighthizer is -- he's going to town. And he works with me. He works with me. But Bob is going to town.
So I hope you're all enjoying yourselves. Tonight we're going to Hanoi.
Q Any highlights from APEC? Do you have any asks for the other countries?
THE PRESIDENT: I think the APEC was just -- good, very collegial.
Q Did anyone ask you for specific things?
THE PRESIDENT: No, but I told them we're going to have much tougher trade policies now, because, you know, they have barriers. We don't. I'm not only talking about tariffs. They have non-tariff barriers, and we don't. I said, you got to remove them.
Good to be with you. Good to be with you.
We'll talk to you --
Q Thank you for coming back.
THE PRESIDENT: I'll see you in Hanoi. Are you all going up?
Q Yes, sir.
Q We are.
4:01 P.M. ICTDa Nang, Vietnam
1:19 P.M. ICT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: What an honor it is to be here in Vietnam -- in the very heart of the Indo-Pacific -- to address the people and business leaders of this region.
This has already been a remarkable week for the United States in this wonderful part of the world. Starting from Hawaii, Melania and I traveled to Japan, South Korea, and China, and now to Vietnam, to be here with all of you today.
Before we begin, I want to address all those affected by Typhoon Damrey. Americans are praying for you and for your recovery in the months ahead. Our hearts are united with the Vietnamese people suffering in the aftermath of this terrible storm.
This trip comes at an exciting time for America. A new optimism has swept all across our country. Economic growth has reached 3.2 percent, and going higher. Unemployment is at its lowest level in 17 years. The stock market is at an all-time high. And the whole world is lifted by America’s renewal.
Everywhere I’ve traveled on this journey, I’ve had the pleasure of sharing the good news from America. But even more, I've had the honor of sharing our vision for a free and open Indo-Pacific -- a place where sovereign and independent nations, with diverse cultures and many different dreams, can all prosper side-by-side, and thrive in freedom and in peace.
I am so thrilled to be here today at APEC, because this organization was founded to help achieve that very purpose. America stands as a proud member of the community of nations who make a home on the Pacific. We have been an active partner in this region since we first won independence ourselves.
In 1784, the first American ship sailed to China from the newly independent United States. It went loaded with goods to sell in Asia, and it came back full of porcelain and tea. Our first president, George Washington himself, owned a set of tableware from that ship.
In 1804, Thomas Jefferson sent the explorers, Lewis and Clark, on an expedition to our Pacific Coast. They were the first of the millions of Americans who ventured west to live out America’s manifest destiny across our vast continent.
In 1817, our Congress approved the first full-time Pacific development [deployment] of an American warship. That initial naval presence soon grew into a squadron, and then a fleet, to guarantee freedom of navigation for the growing number of ships, braving the high seas to reach markets in the Philippines, Singapore, and in India.
In 1818, we began our relationship with the Kingdom of Thailand, and 15 years later our two countries signed a treaty of friendship and commerce -- our first with an Asian nation.
In the next century, when imperialist powers threatened this region, the United States pushed back at great cost to ourselves. We understood that security and prosperity depended on it.
We have been friends, partners, and allies in the Indo-Pacific for a long, long time, and we will be friends, partners, and allies for a long time to come.
As old friends in the region, no one has been more delighted than America to witness, to help, and to share in the extraordinary progress you have made over the last half-century.
What the countries and economies represented here today have built in this part of the world is nothing short of miraculous. The story of this region in recent decades is the story of what is possible when people take ownership of their future.
Few would have imagined just a generation ago that leaders of these nations would come together here in Da Nang to deepen our friendships, expand our partnerships, and celebrate the amazing achievements of our people.
This city was once home to an American military base, in a country where many Americans and Vietnamese lost their lives in a very bloody war.
Today, we are no longer enemies; we are friends. And this port city is bustling with ships from around the world. Engineering marvels, like the Dragon Bridge, welcome the millions who come to visit Da Nang’s stunning beaches, shining lights, and ancient charms.
In the early 1990s, nearly half of Vietnam survived on just a few dollars a day, and one in four did not have any electricity. Today, an opening Vietnamese economy is one of the fastest-growing economies on Earth. It has already increased more than 30 times over, and the Vietnamese students rank among the best students in the world. (Applause.) And that is very impressive.
This is the same story of incredible transformation that we have seen across the region. Indonesians for decades have been building domestic and democratic institutions to govern their vast chain of more than 13,000 islands. Since the 1990s, Indonesia’s people have lifted themselves from poverty to become one of the fastest-growing nations of the G20. Today, it is the third-largest democracy on Earth.
The Philippines has emerged as a proud nation of strong and devout families. For 11 consecutive years, the World Economic Forum has ranked the Philippines first among Asian countries in closing the gender gap and embracing women leaders in business and in politics. (Applause.)
Kingdom of Thailand has become an upper middle-income country in less than a generation. Its majestic capital of Bangkok is now the most visited city on Earth. And that is very impressive. Not too many people here are from Thailand. (Applause.)
Malaysia has rapidly developed through recent decades, and it is now ranked as one of the best places in the world to do business.
In Singapore, citizens born to parents who survived on $500 dollars a day [year] are now among the highest earners in the world -- a transformation made possible by the vision of Lee Kwan Yew’s vision of honest governance and the rule of law. (Applause.) And his great son is now doing an amazing job.
As I recently observed in South Korea, the people of that Republic took a poor country ravaged by war, and in just a few decades turned it into one of the wealthiest democracies on Earth. Today, South Koreans enjoy higher incomes than the citizens of many European Union countries. It was great spending time with President Moon.
Everyone knows of China’s impressive achievements over the past several decades. During this period -- and it was a period of great market reforms -- large parts of China experienced rapid economic growth, jobs boomed, and more than 800 million citizens rose out of poverty. I just left China this morning and had a really productive meeting and a wonderful time with our gracious host, President Xi.
And, as I saw on my first stop of this trip, in Japan we see a dynamic democracy in a land of industrial, technological, and cultural wonders. In fewer than 60 years, that island nation has produced 24 Nobel Prize winners for achievements in physics, chemistry, medicine, literature, and the promotion of peace. (Applause.) President Abe and I agree on so much.
In the broader region, countries outside of APEC are also making great strides in this new chapter for the Indo-Pacific.
India is celebrating the 70th anniversary of its independence. It is a sovereign democracy, as well as -- think of this -- over 1 billion people. It's the largest democracy in the world. (Applause.) Since India opened its economy, it has achieved astounding growth and a new world of opportunity for its expanding middle class. And Prime Minister Modi has been working to bring that vast country, and all of its people, together as one. And he is working at it very, very successfully, indeed.
As we can see, in more and more places throughout this region, citizens of sovereign and independent nations have taken greater control of their destinies and unlocked the potential of their people.
They’ve pursued visions of justice and accountability, promoted private property and the rule of law, and embraced systems that value hard work and individual enterprise.
They built businesses, they built cities, they built entire countries from the ground up. Many of you in this room have taken part in these great, uplifting national projects of building. They have been your projects from inception to completion, from dreams to reality.
With your help, this entire region has emerged -- and it is still emerging -- as a beautiful constellation of nations, each its own bright star, satellites to none -- and each one, a people, a culture, a way of life, and a home.
Those of you who have lived through these transformations understand better than anyone the value of what you have achieved. You also understand that your home is your legacy, and you must always protect it.
In the process of your economic development, you’ve sought commerce and trade with other nations, and forged partnerships based on mutual respect and directed toward mutual gain.
Today, I am here to offer a renewed partnership with America to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendship and commerce between all of the nations of the Indo-Pacific, and together, to promote our prosperity and security.
At the core of this partnership, we seek robust trade relationships rooted in the principles of fairness and reciprocity. When the United States enters into a trading relationship with other countries or other peoples, we will, from now on, expect that our partners will faithfully follow the rules just like we do. We expect that markets will be open to an equal degree on both sides, and that private industry, not government planners, will direct investment.
Unfortunately, for too long and in too many places, the opposite has happened. For many years, the United States systematically opened our economy with few conditions. We lowered or ended tariffs, reduced trade barriers, and allowed foreign goods to flow freely into our country.
But while we lowered market barriers, other countries didn’t open their markets to us.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: (Inaudible.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Funny. They must have been one of the beneficiaries. (Applause.) What country do you come from, sir?
Countries were embraced by the World Trade Organization, even if they did not abide by its stated principles. Simply put, we have not been treated fairly by the World Trade Organization. Organizations like the WTO can only function properly when all members follow the rules and respect the sovereign rights of every member. We cannot achieve open markets if we do not ensure fair market access. In the end, unfair trade undermines us all.
The United States promoted private enterprise, innovation, and industry. Other countries used government-run industrial planning and state-owned enterprises.
We adhered to WTO principles on protecting intellectual property and ensuring fair and equal market access. They engaged in product dumping, subsidized goods, currency manipulation, and predatory industrial policies.
They ignored the rules to gain advantage over those who followed the rules, causing enormous distortions in commerce and threatening the foundations of international trade itself.
Such practices, along with our collective failure to respond to them, hurt many people in our country and also in other countries. Jobs, factories, and industries were stripped out of the United States and out of many countries in addition. And many opportunities for mutually beneficial investments were lost because people could not trust the system.
We can no longer tolerate these chronic trade abuses, and we will not tolerate them. Despite years of broken promises, we were told that someday soon everyone would behave fairly and responsibly. People in America and throughout the Indo-Pacific region have waited for that day to come. But it never has, and that is why I am here today -- to speak frankly about our challenges and work toward a brighter future for all of us.
I recently had an excellent trip to China, where I spoke openly and directly with President Xi about China’s unfair trade practices and the enormous trade deficits they have produced with the United States. I expressed our strong desire to work with China to achieve a trading relationship that is conducted on a truly fair and equal basis.
The current trade imbalance is not acceptable. I do not blame China or any other country, of which there are many, for taking advantage of the United States on trade. If their representatives are able to get away with it, they are just doing their jobs. I wish previous administrations in my country saw what was happening and did something about it. They did not, but I will.
From this day forward, we will compete on a fair and equal basis. We are not going to let the United States be taken advantage of anymore. I am always going to put America first the same way that I expect all of you in this room to put your countries first. (Applause.)
The United States is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial commerce that is in the interest of both your countries and mine. That is the message I am here to deliver.
I will make bilateral trade agreements with any Indo-Pacific nation that wants to be our partner and that will abide by the principles of fair and reciprocal trade. What we will no longer do is enter into large agreements that tie our hands, surrender our sovereignty, and make meaningful enforcement practically impossible.
Instead, we will deal on a basis of mutual respect and mutual benefit. We will respect your independence and your sovereignty. We want you to be strong, prosperous, and self-reliant, rooted in your history, and branching out toward the future. That is how we will thrive and grow together, in partnerships of real and lasting value.
But for this -- and I call it the Indo-Pacific dream -- if it's going to be realized, we must ensure that all play by the rules, which they do not right now. Those who do will be our closest economic partners. Those who do not can be certain that the United States will no longer turn a blind eye to violations, cheating, or economic aggression. Those days are over.
We will no longer tolerate the audacious theft of intellectual property. We will confront the destructive practices of forcing businesses to surrender their technology to the state, and forcing them into joint ventures in exchange for market access.
We will address the massive subsidizing of industries through colossal state-owned enterprises that put private competitors out of business -- happening all the time.
We will not remain silent as American companies are targeted by state-affiliated actors for economic gain, whether through cyberattacks, corporate espionage, or other anti-competitive practices. We will encourage all nations to speak out loudly when the principles of fairness and reciprocity are violated.
We know it is in America’s interests to have partners throughout this region that are thriving, prosperous, and dependent on no one. We will not make decisions for the purpose of power or patronage. We will never ask our partners to surrender their sovereignty, privacy, and intellectual property, or to limit contracts to state-owned suppliers.
We will find opportunities for our private sector to work with yours and to create jobs and wealth for us all. We seek strong partners, not weak partners. We seek strong neighbors, not weak neighbors. Above all, we seek friendship, and we don’t dream of domination.
For this reason, we are also refocusing our existing development efforts. We are calling on the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank to direct their efforts toward high-quality infrastructure investment that promotes economic growth.
The United States will also do its part. We are also committed to reforming our development finance institutions so that they better incentivize private sector investment in your economies, and provide strong alternatives to state-directed initiatives that come with many strings attached.
The United States has been reminded time and time again in recent years that economic security is not merely related to national security. Economic security is national security. It is vital -- (applause) -- to our national strength.
We also know that we will not have lasting prosperity if we do not confront grave threats to security, sovereignty, and stability facing our world today.
Earlier this week, I addressed the National Assembly in Seoul, South Korea and urged every responsible nation to stand united in declaring that every single step the North Korean regime takes toward more weapons is a step it takes into greater and greater danger. The future of this region and its beautiful people must not be held hostage to a dictator’s twisted fantasies of violent conquest and nuclear blackmail.
In addition, we must uphold principles that have benefitted all of us, like respect for the rule of law -- (applause) -- individual rights, and freedom of navigation and overflight, including open shipping lanes. Three principles and these principles -- (applause) -- create stability and build trust, security, and prosperity among like-minded nations.
We must also deal decisively with other threats to our security and the future of our children, such as criminal cartels, human smuggling, drugs, corruption, cybercrime, and territorial expansion. As I have said many times before: All civilized people must come together to drive out terrorists and extremists from our societies, stripping them of funding, territory, and ideological support. We must stop radical Islamic terrorism.
So let us work together for a peaceful, prosperous, and free Indo-Pacific. I am confident that, together, every problem we have spoken about today can be solved and every challenge we face can be overcome.
If we succeed in this effort, if we seize the opportunities before us and ground our partnerships firmly in the interests of our own people, then together we will achieve everything we dream for our nations and for our children.
We will be blessed with a world of strong, sovereign, and independent nations, thriving in peace and commerce with others. They will be places where we can build our homes and where families, businesses, and people can flourish and grow.
If we do this, will we look at the globe half a century from now, and we will marvel at the beautiful constellation of nations -- each different, each unique, and each shining brightly and proudly throughout this region of the world. And just as when we look at the stars in the night sky, the distance of time will make most of the challenges we have and that we spoke of today seem very, very small.
What will not seem small -- what is not small -- will be the big choices that all of our nations will have to make to keep their stars glowing very, very brightly.
In America, like every nation that has won and defended its sovereignty, we understand that we have nothing so precious as our birthright, our treasured independence, and our freedom.
That knowledge has guided us throughout American history. It has inspired us to sacrifice and innovate. And it is why today, hundreds of years after our victory in the American Revolution, we still remember the words of an American founder and our second President of the United States, John Adams. As an old man, just before his death, this great patriot was asked to offer his thoughts on the 50th anniversary of glorious American freedom. He replied with the words: independence forever.
It's a sentiment that burns in the heart of every patriot and every nation. Our hosts here in Vietnam have known this sentiment not just for 200 years, but for nearly 2,000 years. (Applause.) It was around 40 AD when two Vietnamese sisters, the Trung Sisters, first awakened the spirit of the people of this land. It was then that, for the first time, the people of Vietnam stood for your independence and your pride.
Today, the patriots and heroes -- (applause) -- of our histories hold the answers to the great questions of our future and our time. They remind us of who we are and what we are called to do.
Together, we have it in our power to lift our people and our world to new heights -- heights that have never been attained,
So let us choose a future of patriotism, prosperity, and pride. Let us choose wealth and freedom over poverty and servitude. Let us choose a free and open Indo-Pacific.
Finally, let us never forget the world has many places -- (applause) -- many dreams, and many roads. But in all of the world, there is no place like home.
so, for family, for country, for freedom, for history, and for the glory of God, protect your home, defend your home, and love your home today and for all time. (Applause.)
Thank you. God Bless You. God Bless the Pacific region. And God Bless the United States of America. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
1:51 P.M. ICTHyatt Regency Da Nang Resort and Spa
Da Nang, Vietnam
2:15 P.M. ICT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Hello, everybody. And I assume that by now you're pretty exhausted. The media must be absolutely exhausted, looking to go home.
But we have had a tremendous time. And we're in Vietnam tomorrow, we go to the Philippines, and then back to the United States. We'll be landing in Washington. And I think we've had a tremendous period of time, starting in Japan, going to South Korea, going to China.
Last night's celebration in China was something, the likes of which few people have ever seen before. So we've had a very exciting time.
I'm very honored to be representing our country, and I will say that, when you speak of honors, one of my great honors is to present the people standing right behind me -- great, great warriors and veterans of the Vietnam War.
Our veterans are a national treasure, and I thank them all for their service, sacrifice, and patriotism.
To each of you with me today, you are the heroes who fulfill your duty to our nation. And each of you, under the most difficult conditions, did what you had to do, and you did it well.
My administration, as you all know, is committed to rebuilding our military and honoring the hard work and sacrifices of all veterans. We're extremely proud of what we've done with the Veterans Administration. Dr. Shulkin has done an amazing job with choice and accountability and so many other things that we are doing and in the process of doing. The Veterans Administration is a whole different place.
Our accountability efforts in Vietnam are very, very important to all of us. We will not rest until all of the 1,253 missing veterans are returned home. I want to thank the government of Vietnam for their assistance in our efforts.
Today, I'm signing a proclamation to honor the veterans of the Vietnam War. This is part of the ongoing 13-year commemoration of their sacrifice for freedom. And I just want to thank these seven very brave people for being here. I got to know them for a few minutes upfront, and they are definitely tough, smart cookies. We like them. I think they like me too. I'm not sure, but I think -- (applause) -- no, I think they do. I think they do. I think they see what we're doing for our military.
Would you like to say a few words, any of you guys? Would you like to say something? Huh?
MR. HOPPER: Sure.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Come on. Come on up here. Here's your chance. You can be a big star now.
MR. HOPPER: Well, I'm not sure about that. But just on behalf of many of us standing up in the front of the room today, I just want to say what an honor and privilege it is to be with our President. I so admire what you're doing for our country.
Thank you for your dedication to our military, our country. And we're all behind you in making America great again.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. That's so nice. Thank you very much.
MR. HOPPER: Thank you. Thank you. (Applause.)
MR. REYNOLDS: It's an honor to be here. My family is so proud. My wife loves you. (Laughter.) She does. We all love you.
All of the veterans that I represent in my community asked me to say to you: Keep doing what you're doing. We need to win. We need to make America great again. And we definitely think you are on the right track. So, thank you. It's honor to meet you, sir.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We will keep it going, and we will get it done.
MR. REYNOLDS: Absolutely.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: No doubt.
MR. REYNOLDS: I believe it. Thank you very much.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Anybody?
MR. MORGAN: Mr. President, from my heart, thank you for your support of the military, and it's an honor to be here as one of seven Vietnam veterans representing the 58,000 heroes who never made it home.
Thank you so much.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you so much. (Applause.)
MR. MORGAN: Thank you, sir. Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: You nervous?
MR. GOODE: I am nervous.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I don't think so. I don't think so.
MR. GOODE: I am nervous.
You know, it's an honor for me to be here today to meet the President of the United States that's doing such a fine job for America. I'm so proud of him and what he's doing, and I'm also really proud to represent all those veterans that are back home to be one of seven of these veterans that are here today. It's such an honor to represent the rest of those veterans in the United States of America.
Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I just want to thank everybody. These are special, special people. And just in speaking to them, before I came up -- they were so warm and so loving of our country -- I said, "Hey, would you like to say a few words?" And they said them better than anybody can say them.
They're brave, they're strong, they're great patriots. And we just want to thank you and all of the thousands and thousands and all of the people that served with you and in all of the other wars.
And, you know, one of the things, again, that I'm so happy with is what we're doing with the whole Veterans Administration. It is a whole different ballgame.
And I'm going to sign a proclamation, and I'll sign it with one pen, but we're going to make sure we have seven pens. And we're going to get you each one. But it's an important proclamation, and we'll do it right now.
Thank you all. You have done a fantastic job. I appreciate it. Thank you very much.
So this is the commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the Vietnam War by the President of the United States of America. It's a proclamation. And thank you very much.
(The proclamation is signed.)
END
2:21 P.M. EDTBeijing, China
6:36 P.M. CST
PRESIDENT XI: (As interpreted.) The Honorable President Trump and Mrs. Trump, ladies and gentleman, dear friends: Good evening. As we often say in China, what a joy it is to have friends come from afar. On behalf of the Chinese government and the Chinese people, I once again extend a warm welcome to you, President Trump, on your state visit to China.
Although there is a vast ocean between China and the United States, distance has never prevented our two great nations from coming together. And we have never stopped our efforts to pursue friendship and win-win cooperation.
Forty-five years ago, President Nixon visited China, a visit that reopened the door of exchanges between China and the United States. As he rightly pointed before leaving China, it was a week that changed the world. Since then, thanks to the joint efforts of several generations of leaders and the people of our two countries, historic progress has been made in China-U.S. relations. It has benefitted our two peoples. Indeed, it has changed the world.
How time flies. Over the past 45 years, historic changes have taken place in the world, in China, and in China-U.S. relations. The Cold War is a thing of the past. The world today is experiencing tremendous progress, profound transformation, and major adjustments. China has embarked on path of reform and opening up, and socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era.
China and the United States once walked with animosity, have grown into a community with our interests closely converging. Today, our two countries share far more and broader common interests, as well as greater and stronger responsibilities in upholding global peace and promoting common development. The strategic dimension and global influence of China-U.S. relationship have continued to grow.
President Trump, the state visit to China is another event of historic importance. Over the past two days, we have had in-depth exchange of views on how China and the United States should seize the opportunity, rise up to the challenges, and open up new grounds in our relations.
Together, we have mapped out a blueprint for advancing China-U.S. relations. We both agree that China and the United States should remain partners, not rivals. We both agree that when we work together, we can accomplish many great things to the benefit of our two countries and the whole world.
I have also briefed President Trump on the 19th International Congress of the Communist Party of China, and this is my message: The 19th Party Congress will bring even more opportunities for China's cooperation with the United States and other countries. Indeed, the Chinese dream is closely connected with the dreams of people of all other countries in the world.
The Honorable President Trump and Mrs. Trump, ladies and gentlemen, dear friends: One has to make (inaudible) efforts to fulfill one's dream. As an old Chinese adage goes, "No distance, not even remote mountains and vast oceans can ever prevent people with perseverance from reaching their destination." Benjamin Franklin, one of America's Founding Fathers, also said, "He who can have patience, can have what he will."
It is my firm conviction that China-U.S. relations face limited challenges, but boundless potential for growth. With perseverance, we can surely write a new chapter in the history of China-U.S. relations. With perseverance, our two great nations will definitely make new contribution to creating a better future for mankind.
Now please join me in a toast to the prosperity of China and the United States and the wellbeing of our people. To the friendship between China and the United States, and between our people and to the health of you, President Trump, Mrs. Trump, and all our sides present, cheers. (Applause.)
(A toast is offered.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you so much. That was so nice. And this has been an extraordinary few days. President Xi, your generous words. I must say, Melania -- we both want to express our gratitude to you and Madam Peng for the extraordinary hospitality that you've shown us from the moment we arrived in your magnificent country, China.
Yesterday, we visited the Forbidden City, which stands as a proud symbol of China’s rich culture and majestic spirit. Your nation is a testament to thousands of years of vibrant, living history.
And today, it was a tremendous honor to be greeted by the Chinese delegation right here at the Great Hall of the People. This moment in history presents both our nations with an incredible opportunity to advance peace and prosperity alongside other nations all around the world. In the words of a Chinese proverb, "We must carry forward the cause and forge ahead into the future." I am confident that we can realize this wonderful vision, a vision that will be so good and, in fact, so great for both China and the United States.
Though we come from different places and faraway lands, there is much that binds the East and West. Both of our countries were built by people of great courage, strong culture, and a desire to trek across the unknown into great danger. But they overcame.
The people of the United States have a very deep respect for the heritage of your country and the noble traditions of its people. Your ancient values bring past and future together into the present. So beautiful.
It is my hope that the proud spirits of the American and Chinese people will inspire our efforts to achieve a more just, secure, and peaceful world, a future worthy of the sacrifices of our ancestors, and the dreams of our children.
In a moment, we will view a video of my granddaughter, Arabella, reciting traditional Chinese songs and poetry about your country's serene beauty and treasured customs. Our children so often remind us of our shared humanity and true dignity.
President Xi, on behalf of the American people, I offer this to toast to you, to the people of your country, and to a friendship that will only grow stronger and stronger over many years to come.
Thank you. This has been a great honor to be with you both. We very much appreciate it. (Applause.)
(A toast is offered.)
END
6:53 P.M. CSTBeijing, China
12:57 P.M. CST
PRESIDENT XI: (As interpreted.) Your Honorable, President Donald Trump, friends from the press: Good afternoon. It is my great pleasure to meet all of you, together with President Trump. Let me begin by extending once again warm welcome to the President for his state visit to China.
Yesterday and earlier today, the President and I have had in-depth discussions on China-U.S. relations and major international and regional issues of mutual interest. We reviewed the important progress made in the relationship since we met at Mar-a-Lago. And we discussed how to further move forward the relationship in the months ahead in great depth. And we reached a series of new and important consensus. Our meeting is constructive and productive.
I shared with the President the policies adopted at the 19th Party Congress. I conveyed China's firm commitment to deeper reform, greater opening up, and a path of peaceful development, and China's desire to expand converging interests with other countries and promoting coordination and cooperation among major countries.
President Trump shared with me his domestic reform agenda and foreign policy priorities. The development of China and the United States is mutually reinforcing. Without contradicting each other, our respective success serves the common interests of both countries. We believe that facing the complex and changing international landscape, in maintaining world peace and stability, in promoting global development and prosperity, China and the United States, being two large countries, share more common interests, shoulder greater responsibility, and enjoy broader room for cooperation.
A healthy, stable and growing China-U.S. relationship is not only in the fundamental interest of the Chinese and American people, it also meets the expectations of the international community. For China and the United States, win-win cooperation is the only right choice and the pathway toward a better future.
We agreed to keeping close touch through mutual visits, meetings, phone calls, and correspondence with a view to having timely communications on major issues of shared interest.
We agreed to make the most of the diplomatic and security dialogue, comprehensive economic dialogue, social and people-to-people dialogue, and law enforcement and cyber security dialogue, four high-level dialogue mechanisms, and work together for greater results out of these dialogues.
We believe that China and the United States are the two largest economies and important engines of global economic growth. We need to further expand trade and investment cooperation, strengthen macroeconomic policy coordination, pursue healthy, stable, and dynamically balanced economic and trade relations.
It is necessary to formulate and launch economic cooperation plan for the next phase to have continued in-depth discussion on trade imbalance, export, investment environment, market openness, and other issues, and work to support practical cooperation in energy, infrastructure, Belt and Road Initiative, and other areas.
Just now, the President and I witnessed the signing of some major cooperation agreements by our businesses. During this visit, the two sides signed over $250 billion U.S. dollars of commercial deals and two-way investment agreements.
According to China's timetable and roadmap for opening up, China has announced a number of steps to promote market access. This speaks volume of the broad space for further economic and trade cooperation between the two countries, which would deliver great benefits to the two peoples.
We agreed to expand, exchange, and co-opt a dialogue between our two militaries at various levels realized at an earlier date the visit by U.S. Secretary of Defense to China a senior, high-level Chinese military delegation to the U.S. and work to ensure the success of the first joint staff dialogue mechanism, and the disaster management joint exercise and academic exchanges.
We agreed to strengthen law enforcement and cybersecurity cooperation.
The two sides reaffirmed that neither wants to become a safe haven for each other's fugitives, and will instruct competent authorities of the two countries to actively explore a long-term cooperation mechanism regarding fugitive assets recovery and repatriation of illegal immigrants.
The two sides will continue the implementation of the five-point consensus reached in 2015 to enhance cybersecurity cooperation, including the use of the internet for terrorist purposes and tackling cybercrimes. We will deepen counter-narcotics cooperation and better protect each other's nationals and institutions in their respective countries.
As two distinctive countries, our two sides may have different views or differences on some issues. This is only natural. The key is to properly handle and manage them. There is far more common interests between our two countries than differences. It is important to respect each other's sovereignty and territorial integrity, respect each other's choice of development path and our difference. As long as the two sides commit to a constructive approach, we can put aside undiffused differences, while at the same time build common ground and advanced cooperation.
We also discussed the international responsibilities our two countries shoulder. We agreed to enhance communication and cooperation on major international, regional, and global issues, and jointly seek proper resolution of relevant (inaudible) issues to make greater contribution to peace, stability, and prosperity of relevant regions and the world at large.
On the Korean Peninsula nuclear issue, we reiterated the firm commitment to achieving denuclearization of the Peninsula and upholding international nonproliferation regime. The two sides will continue to fully and strictly implement U.N. Security Council resolutions. At the same time, the two sides commit to working toward a solution through dialogue and negotiation. And we are ready to discuss with relevant parties the pathway leading to enduring peace and stability in the Peninsula and the Northeast Asia. The two sides will maintain communication and cooperation on the Korean Peninsula issue.
We believe that China and the United States are countries with important influence in the Asia Pacific. As I said to the President, the Pacific Ocean is big enough to accommodate both China and the United States. The two sides need to step up communication and cooperation on Asia Pacific affairs, foster common friends, build constructive interactions, and jointly maintain and promote peace and stability and prosperity in the region.
We also discussed the Middle East, Afghanistan, and other issues, and agreed to deepen cooperation on counterterrorism, nonproliferation, nuclear security, and stronger support to U.N. peacekeeping operations.
We both believe that friendship between our peoples is the foundation for the sustained growth of China-U.S. relations, and we agreed to further promote people-to-people exchange. We will expand student exchange program, hold China-U.S. Young Maker Competition every year, and open additional Young Maker exchange centers in both countries.
Ladies and gentlemen, dear friends, President Trump's state visit is a successful and historic visit. Together, the two of us have set out the direction and drew up the blueprint for China-U.S. relations in the common period. We will work with the United States and act on the consensus we reached, seek further progress in China-U.S. relations to bring greater benefits to our peoples and people across the world.
Thank you very much. (Applause.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: President Xi, I want to thank you for an incredible welcoming ceremony earlier this morning. It was a truly memorable and impressive, and something I will never forget.
Melania and I are honored to visit your country, with its ancient history, dynamic people, and thriving culture. I also want to thank you and Madam Peng for a tour that was given to us yesterday of the very majestic Forbidden City. Your people are proud of who they are and what they have built together, and your people are also very proud of you.
I want to congratulate you on the recent and very successful 19th Party Congress. Perhaps now more than ever, we have an opportunity to strengthen the relationship between our two countries and improve the lives of our citizens, as long as we stand together -- with others, if necessary -- against those who threaten our civilization. That threat will never happen. It doesn't even have a chance.
As I said in my address yesterday in Seoul, the entire civilized world must unite to confront the North Korean menace. And the entire world is watching us right now.
Today, President Xi -- we discussed our mutual commitment to the complete denuclearization of North Korea. We agreed not to replicate failed approaches of the past -- and there were many. We agreed on the need to fully implement all U.N. Security Council resolutions on North Korea and to increase economic pressure until North Korea abandons its reckless and dangerous path.
All responsible nations must join together to stop arming and financing -- and even trading with -- the murderous North Korean regime. Together, we have in our power to finally liberate this region and the world from this very serious nuclear menace. But it will require collective action, collective strength, and collective devotion to winning the peace.
In order to create a more secure future for all and to protect our citizens from extremism and terrorism, President Xi and I also committed to working toward a peaceful future for Afghanistan. Terrorists are a threat to all of humanity, and we will stop radical Islamic terrorism.
The United States and China also face many challenges within our borders. Every year, drug trafficking destroys millions and millions of lives. Today, President Xi and I discussed ways we can enhance coordination to better counter the deadly drug trade and to stop the lethal flow of poisonous drugs into our countries and into our communities. A special emphasis will be placed on the new phenomena: fentanyl -- destroying lives by the millions. We're going to be focusing on it very strongly, the President and myself.
In addition to improving the safety and security of our citizens, President Xi and I discussed improving our economic relationship. We want a vibrant trade relationship with China. We also want a fair and reciprocal one. Today, I discussed with President Xi the chronic imbalance in our relationship as it pertains to trade, and the concrete steps that we'll jointly take to solve the problem of the massive trade distortion.
This includes addressing China’s market access restrictions and technology transfer requirements, which prevent American companies from being able to fairly compete within China. The United States is committed to protecting the intellectual property of our companies and providing a level playing field for our workers. At the same time, our relationship with you and China is a very important one to me and to all of the people of our country. And just by looking at the tremendous, incredible, job-producing agreements just signed by those major companies, we're off to a very, very good start.
As part of our commitment to regional stability and peace, the United States also continues to advocate for reforms that advance economic freedom, individual rights, and the rule of law.
The United States, working with China and other regional partners, has an incredible opportunity to advance the cause of peace, security, and prosperity all across the world. It's a very special time, and we do indeed have that very, very special opportunity. A great responsibility has been placed on our shoulders, President -- it's truly a great responsibility -- and I hope we can rise to the occasion and help our countries and our citizens reach their highest destinies and their fullest potentials.
I want to thank you again -- you're a very special man -- for your gracious hospitality. I send my warmest regards to your citizens. I honor their heritage and celebrate their great, great possibilities and potential for the future.
In the coming months and years, I look forward to building an even stronger relationship between our two countries -- China and the United States of America -- and even closer friendships and relationships between the people of our countries.
Mr. President, thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
1:12 P.M. CSTBeijing, China
11:12 A.M. CST
PRESIDENT XI: (As interpreted.) (In progress) -- this government and Chinese people extending warm welcome to President Trump on your state visit to China.
From yesterday afternoon to the present, we have had in-depth exchange of ideas on China-U.S. relations and important issues of shared interest. We reached many common understandings. We both believe that China-U.S. relations are important to the wellbeing of our two peoples, and bear on peace, stability, and prosperity of the world.
For China and the United States, cooperation is the only viable choice, and win-win cooperation can take us to a better future. We agree that China-U.S. relations have made important progress this year. We have agreed to further promote strategic guidance of summit diplomacy for bilateral relations; strengthen interactions at high and all levels; make the most of the four high-level dialogue mechanisms; expand interactions and cooperation on economy and trade, mil-to-mil relations, law enforcement, people-to-people exchange, and in other areas; enhance communication and cooperation on the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula, Afghanistan, and other major international and regional issues; and work together to take China-U.S. relations to even greater development.
The China-U.S. relationship now stands at a new starting point. China is ready to work with the United States to enhance cooperation and properly manage differences in a spirit of mutual respect and mutual benefit. This way, it will enable our two peoples, the region, and people across the world to benefit more from China-U.S. relations. Thank you.
TRUMP: Mr. President, thank you very much. It's an honor to be with you. There can be no more important subject than China-U.S. relation. We have, between us -- and we have to include some other countries which would quickly come in -- we have a capacity to dissolve world problems for many, many years to come.
Our meeting last night was absolutely terrific. Our dinner was beyond that. We had a dinner that was going to last quickly -- 20, 25 minutes -- because I was traveling and you were so nice, and you said, we'll just do a quick dinner. And I think it had to last at least two hours, and we enjoyed every minute of it with your beautiful wife and Melania together. Their relationship is a great one, and our relationship has already proven to be a great one.
Our meeting this morning, in front of your representatives and my representatives, was excellent, discussing North Korea -- and I do believe there's a solution to that, as you do; discussing trade with the United States, knowing that the United States really has to change its policies because they've gotten so far behind on trade with China and, frankly, with many other countries.
And I have great respect for you for that, because you're representing China. But it's too bad that past administrations allowed it go get so far out of kilter. But we'll make it fair, and it will be tremendous for both of us.
My feeling toward you is an incredibly warm one. As we said, there's great chemistry, and I think we're going to do tremendous things for both China and for the United States. And it is a very, very great honor to be with you. Thank you very much.
The hosting of the military parade this morning was magnificent, and the world was watching. I've already had people calling from all parts of the world. They were all watching. Nothing you can see is so beautiful.
So I just want to thank you for the very warm welcome, and I look forward to many years of success and friendship, working together to solve not only our problems but world problems, and problems of great danger and security. I believe we can solve almost all of them and probably all of them.
Thank you very much for having us. Very much appreciate it.
END
11:18 A.M. CST11:21 A.M. CST
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Thank you. And thank you, Minister Zhong Shan, for that introduction. And especially thank you to President Xi and Madam Peng for serving as such warm and gracious hosts to Melania and me during our time here in your very, very beautiful country.
To both the American delegation and to the Chinese business representatives here, your discussions greatly strengthen our partnership and provides a critical bridge between our business community and yours. And thank you for that.
During my time in Beijing, President Xi and I have had several conversations about our common goals and interests. Beyond that, we talk often. There's a very good chemistry between the two of, believe me.
My administration is committed to improving our trade and business relationships with China. And this relationship is something which we are working very hard to make a fair and reciprocal one. Trade between China and the United States has not been, over the last many, many years, a very fair one for us.
As we all know, America has a huge annual trade deficit with China -- a number beyond anything what anybody would understand. This number is, shockingly, hundreds of billions of dollars each year. Estimates are as high as $500 billion a year. We must immediately address the unfair trade practices that drive this deficit, along with barriers to market success. We really have to look at access, forced technology transfer, and the theft of intellectual property, which just, by and of itself, is costing the United States and its companies at least $300 billion a year.
Both the United States and China will have a more prosperous future if we can achieve a level economic playing field. Right now, unfortunately, it is a very one-sided and unfair one. But -- but I don't blame China. (Applause.) After all, who can blame a country for being able to take advantage of another country for the benefit of its citizens? I give China great credit. (Applause.)
But, in actuality, I do blame past administrations for allowing this out-of-control trade deficit to take place and to grow. We have to fix this because it just doesn't work for our great American companies, and it doesn't work for our great American workers. It is just not sustainable. I look forward to working toward that goal and to pursuing fair and lasting engagement.
At home, my administration is supporting American workers and American businesses by eliminating burdensome regulations and lifting restrictions on American energy and all other businesses. Restrictions are being seriously lifted.
Our work is already taking hold. The stock market in the United States is at an all-time high, adding already $5.5 trillion in new wealth since the very, very well-known and now very important November 8th election.
Unemployment is at a 17-year low, and so many other great things are happening to the United States, economically and otherwise. Frankly, too many to mention.
Abroad, we're committed to a free and open Indo-Pacific based [on] respect for the rule of law, private enterprise, and trade reciprocity.
In order to achieve prosperity, we must also have security. Security cooperation is critical to addressing a range of emerging threats throughout the Indo-Pacific region and around the world, and I have been very encouraged by my conversations, both over the last number of weeks and, in particular, last night and this morning with President Xi. We're very, very much on the same plane when it comes to security. We both want it for our countries, and we both want it for the world.
Chief among these threats is the North Korean nuclear menace. As I stated in my address to the National Assembly in Seoul yesterday, the United States is committed to the complete and permanent denuclearization of North Korea. So important. China can fix this problem easily and quickly, and I am calling on China and your great President to hopefully work on it very hard. I know one thing about your President: If he works on it hard, it will happen. There's no doubt about it.
We call on all nations to implement U.N. Security Council sanctions and resolutions and to cease doing business with the North Korean regime. All nations must come together to ensure that this rogue regime cannot threaten the world with its nuclear weapons.
I thank President Xi for his recent efforts to restrict trade with North Korea and to cut off all banking ties. Mr. President, thank you, and thank you to all of the Chinese business leaders here today for standing with the United States and our coalition of responsible nations. But time is quickly running out. We must act fast, and hopefully China will act faster and more effectively on this problem than anyone. I'm also calling on Russia to help rein in this potentially very tragic situation.
The contributions of the business community represented here today are vital to our efforts to ensure peace and prosperity for our two nations. Together, we can unlock a future of opportunity, wealth, and dignity far beyond anybody's wildest dreams.
In your discussions today, I hope you will learn from each other and identify new ways to advance our economic cooperation. I am depending on all of you to work together to find opportunities of mutual agreement and shared prosperity. The hardworking people of America and the hardworking people of China deserve the very best solutions to achieve prosperity, happiness, and peace.
Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
ENDNational Assembly Building
Seoul, Republic of Korea
11:24 A.M. KST
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Assembly Speaker Chung, distinguished members of this Assembly, ladies and gentlemen: Thank you for the extraordinary privilege to speak in this great chamber and to address your people on behalf of the people of the United States of America.
In our short time in your country, Melania and I have been awed by its ancient and modern wonders, and we are deeply moved by the warmth of your welcome.
Last night, President and Mrs. Moon showed us incredible hospitality in a beautiful reception at the Blue House. We had productive discussions on increasing military cooperation and improving the trade relationship between our nations on the principle of fairness and reciprocity.
Through this entire visit, it has been both our pleasure and our honor to create and celebrate a long friendship between the United States and the Republic of Korea.
This alliance between our nations was forged in the crucible of war, and strengthened by the trials of history. From the Inchon landings to Pork Chop Hill, American and South Korean soldiers have fought together, sacrificed together, and triumphed together.
Almost 67 years ago, in the spring of 1951, they recaptured what remained of this city where we are gathered so proudly today. It was the second time in a year that our combined forces took on steep casualties to retake this capital from the communists.
Over the next weeks and months, the men soldiered through steep mountains and bloody, bloody battles. Driven back at times, they willed their way north to form the line that today divides the oppressed and the free. And there, American and South Korean troops have remained together holding that line for nearly seven decades. (Applause.)
By the time the armistice was signed in 1953, more than 36,000 Americans had died in the Korean War, with more than 100,000 others very badly wounded. They are heroes, and we honor them. We also honor and remember the terrible price the people of your country paid for their freedom. You lost hundreds of thousands of brave soldiers and countless innocent civilians in that gruesome war.
Much of this great city of Seoul was reduced to rubble. Large portions of the country were scarred -- severely, severely hurt -- by this horrible war. The economy of this nation was demolished.
But as the entire world knows, over the next two generations something miraculous happened on the southern half of this peninsula. Family by family, city by city, the people of South Korea built this country into what is today one of the great nations of the world. And I congratulate you. (Applause.) In less than one lifetime, South Korea climbed from total devastation to among the wealthiest nations on Earth.
Today, your economy is more than 350 times larger than what it was in 1960. Trade has increased 1,900 times. Life expectancy has risen from just 53 years to more than 82 years today.
Like Korea, and since my election exactly one year ago today, I celebrate with you. (Applause.) The United States is going through something of a miracle itself. Our stock market is at an all-time high. Unemployment is at a 17-year low. We are defeating ISIS. We are strengthening our judiciary, including a brilliant Supreme Court justice, and on, and on, and on.
Currently stationed in the vicinity of this peninsula are the three largest aircraft carriers in the world loaded to the maximum with magnificent F-35 and F-18 fighter jets. In addition, we have nuclear submarines appropriately positioned. The United States, under my administration, is completely rebuilding its military and is spending hundreds of billions of dollars to the newest and finest military equipment anywhere in the world being built, right now. I want peace through strength. (Applause.)
We are helping the Republic of Korea far beyond what any other country has ever done. And, in the end, we will work things out far better than anybody understands or can even appreciate. I know that the Republic of Korea, which has become a tremendously successful nation, will be a faithful ally of the United States very long into the future. (Applause.)
What you have built is truly an inspiration. Your economic transformation was linked to a political one. The proud, sovereign, and independent people of your nation demanded the right to govern themselves. You secured free parliamentary elections in 1988, the same year you hosted your first Olympics.
after, you elected your first civilian president in more than three decades. And when the Republic you won faced financial crisis, you lined up by the millions to give your most prized possessions -- your wedding rings, heirlooms, and gold “luck keys” -- to restore the promise of a better future for your children. (Applause.)
Your wealth is measured in more than money -- it is measured in achievements of the mind and achievements of spirit. Over the last several decades, your scientists of engineers -- have engineered so many magnificent things. You've pushed the boundaries of technology, pioneered miraculous medical treatments, and emerged as leaders in unlocking the mysteries of our universe.
Korean authors penned roughly 40,000 books this year. Korean musicians fill concert halls all around the world. Young Korean students graduate from college at the highest rates of any country. And Korean golfers are some of the best on Earth. (Applause.)
fact -- and you know what I'm going to say -- the Women's U.S. Open was held this year at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey, and it just happened to be won by a great Korean golfer, Sung-hyun Park. An eighth of the top 10 players were from Korea. And the top four golfers -- one, two, three, four -- the top four were from Korea. Congratulations. (Applause.) Congratulations. And that's something. That is really something.
Here in Seoul, architectural wonders like the Sixty-Three Building and the Lotte World Tower -- very beautiful -- grace the sky and house the workers of many growing industries.
citizens now help to feed the hungry, fight terrorism, and solve problems all over the world. And in a few months, you will host the world and you will do a magnificent job at the 23rd Olympic Winter Games. Good luck. (Applause.)
The Korean miracle extends exactly as far as the armies of free nations advanced in 1953 -- 24 miles to the north. There, it stops; it all comes to an end. Dead stop. The flourishing ends, and the prison state of North Korea sadly begins.
Workers in North Korea labor grueling hours in unbearable conditions for almost no pay. Recently, the entire working population was ordered to work for 70 days straight, or else pay for a day of rest.
Families live in homes without plumbing, and fewer than half have electricity. Parents bribe teachers in hopes of saving their sons and daughters from forced labor. More than a million North Koreans died of famine in the 1990s, and more continue to die of hunger today.
Among children under the age of five, nearly 30 percent of afflicted -- and are afflicted by stunted growth due to malnutrition. And yet, in 2012 and 2013, the regime spent an estimated $200 million -- or almost half the money that it allocated to improve living standards for its people -- to instead build even more monuments, towers, and statues to glorify its dictators.
What remains of the meager harvest of the North Korean economy is distributed according to perceived loyalty to a twisted regime. Far from valuing its people as equal citizens, this cruel dictatorship measures them, scores them, and ranks them based on the most arbitrary indications of their allegiance to the state. Those who score the highest in loyalty may live in the capital city. Those who score the lowest starve. A small infraction by one citizen, such as accidently staining a picture of the tyrant printed in a discarded newspaper, can wreck the social credit rank of his entire family for many decades.
An estimated 100,000 North Koreans suffer in gulags, toiling in forced labor, and enduring torture, starvation, rape, and murder on a constant basis.
In one known instance, a 9-year-old boy was imprisoned for 10 years because his grandfather was accused of treason. In another, a student was beaten in school for forgetting a single detail about the life of Kim Jong-un.
Soldiers have kidnapped foreigners and forced them to work as language tutors for North Korean spies.
In the part of Korea that was a stronghold for Christianity before the war, Christians and other people of faith who are found praying or holding a religious book of any kind are now detained, tortured, and in many cases, even executed.
North Korean women are forced to abort babies that are considered ethnically inferior. And if these babies are born, the newborns are murdered.
One woman’s baby born to a Chinese father was taken away in a bucket. The guards said it did not “deserve to live because it was impure.”
So why would China feel an obligation to help North Korea?
The horror of life in North Korea is so complete that citizens pay bribes to government officials to have themselves exported aboard as slaves. They would rather be slaves than live in North Korea.
To attempt to flee is a crime punishable by death. One person who escaped remarked, "When I think about it now, I was not a human being. I was more like an animal. Only after leaving North Korea did I realize what life was supposed to be."
And so, on this peninsula, we have watched the results of a tragic experiment in a laboratory of history. It is a tale of one people, but two Koreas. One Korea in which the people took control of their lives and their country, and chose a future of freedom and justice, of civilization, and incredible achievement. And another Korea in which leaders imprison their people under the banner of tyranny, fascism, and oppression. The result of this experiment are in, and they are totally conclusive.
When the Korean War began in 1950, the two Koreas were approximately equal in GDP per capita. But by the 1990s, South Korea’s wealth had surpassed North Korea's by more than 10 times. And today, the South’s economy is over 40 times larger. You started the same a short while ago, and now you're 40 times larger. You're doing something right.
Considering the misery wrought by the North Korean dictatorship, it is no surprise that it has been forced to take increasingly desperate measures to prevent its people from understanding this brutal contrast.
Because the regime fears the truth above all else, it forbids virtually all contact with the outside world. Not just my speech today, but even the most commonplace facts of South Korean life are forbidden knowledge to the North Korean people. Western and South Korean music is banned. Possession of foreign media is a crime punishable by death. Citizens spy on fellow citizens, their homes are subject to search at any time, and their every action is subject to surveillance. In place of a vibrant society, the people of North Korea are bombarded by state propaganda practically every waking hour of the day.
North Korea is a country ruled as a cult. At the center of this military cult is a deranged belief in the leader’s destiny to rule as parent protector over a conquered Korean Peninsula and an enslaved Korean people.
The more successful South Korea becomes, the more decisively you discredit the dark fantasy at the heart of the Kim regime.
In this way, the very existence of a thriving South Korean republic threatens the very survival of the North Korean dictatorship.
This city and this assembly are living proof that a free and independent Korea not only can, but does stand strong, sovereign, and proud among the nations of the world. (Applause.)
Here, the strength of the nation does not come from the false glory of a tyrant. It comes from the true and powerful glory of a strong and great people -- the people of the Republic of Korea -- a Korean people who are free to live, to flourish, to worship, to love, to build, and to grow their own destiny.
In this Republic, the people have done what no dictator ever could -- you took, with the help of the United States, responsibility for yourselves and ownership of your future. You had a dream -- a Korean dream -- and you built that dream into a great reality.
In so doing, you performed the miracle on the Hahn that we see all around us, from the stunning skyline of Seoul to the plains and peaks of this beautiful landscape. You have done it freely, you have done it happily, and you have done it in your own very beautiful way.
This reality -- this wonderful place -- your success is the greatest cause of anxiety, alarm, and even panic to the North Korean regime. That is why the Kim regime seeks conflict abroad -- to distract from total failure that they suffer at home.
Since the so-called armistice, there have been hundreds of North Korean attacks on Americans and South Koreans. These attacks have included the capture and torture of the brave American soldiers of the USS Pueblo, repeated assaults on American helicopters, and the 1969 drowning [downing] of a U.S. surveillance plane that killed 31 American servicemen. The regime has made numerous lethal incursions in South Korea, attempted to assassinate senior leaders, attacked South Korean ships, and tortured Otto Warmbier, ultimately leading to that fine young man's death.
All the while, the regime has pursued nuclear weapons with the deluded hope that it could blackmail its way to the ultimate objective. And that objective we are not going to let it have. We are not going to let it have. All of Korea is under that spell, divided in half. South Korea will never allow what's going on in North Korea to continue to happen.
The North Korean regime has pursued its nuclear and ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance, agreement, and commitment it has made to the United States and its allies. It's broken all of those commitments. After promising to freeze its plutonium program in 1994, it repeated [reaped] the benefits of the deal and then -- and then immediately continued its illicit nuclear activities.
In 2005, after years of diplomacy, the dictatorship agreed to ultimately abandon its nuclear programs and return to the Treaty on Non-Proliferation. But it never did. And worse, it tested the very weapons it said it was going to give up. In 2009, the United States gave negotiations yet another chance, and offered North Korea the open hand of engagement. The regime responded by sinking a South Korean Navy ship, killing 46 Korean sailors. To this day, it continues to launch missiles over the sovereign territory of Japan and all other neighbors, test nuclear devices, and develop ICBMs to threaten the United States itself. The regime has interpreted America’s past restraint as weakness. This would be a fatal miscalculation. This is a very different administration than the United States has had in the past.
Today, I hope I speak not only for our countries, but for all civilized nations, when I say to the North: Do not underestimate us, and do not try us. We will defend our common security, our shared prosperity, and our sacred liberty.
We did not choose to draw here, on this peninsula -- (applause) -- this magnificent peninsula -- the thin line of civilization that runs around the world and down through time. But here it was drawn, and here it remains to this day. It is the line between peace and war, between decency and depravity, between law and tyranny, between hope and total despair. It is a line that has been drawn many times, in many places, throughout history. To hold that line is a choice free nations have always had to make. We have learned together the high cost of weakness and the high stakes of its defense.
America’s men and women in uniform have given their lives in the fight against Nazism, imperialism, Communism and terrorism.
America does not seek conflict or confrontation, but we will never run from it. History is filled with discarded regimes that have foolishly tested America’s resolve.
Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the United States should look to our past, and you will doubt it no longer. We will not permit America or our allies to be blackmailed or attacked. We will not allow American cities to be threatened with destruction. We will not be intimidated. And we will not let the worst atrocities in history be repeated here, on this ground, we fought and died so hard to secure. (Applause.)
That is why I have come here, to the heart of a free and flourishing Korea, with a message for the peace-loving nations of the world: The time for excuses is over. Now is the time for strength. If you want peace, you must stand strong at all times. (Applause.) The world cannot tolerate the menace of a rogue regime that threatens with nuclear devastation.
All responsible nations must join forces to isolate the brutal regime of North Korea -- to deny it and any form -- any form of it. You cannot support, you cannot supply, you cannot accept. We call on every nation, including China and Russia, to fully implement U.N. Security Council resolutions, downgrade diplomatic relations with the regime, and sever all ties of trade and technology.
It is our responsibility and our duty to confront this danger together -- because the longer we wait, the greater the danger grows, and the fewer the options become. (Applause.) And to those nations that choose to ignore this threat, or, worse still, to enable it, the weight of this crisis is on your conscience.
I also have come here to this peninsula to deliver a message directly to the leader of the North Korean dictatorship: The weapons you are acquiring are not making you safer. They are putting your regime in grave danger. Every step you take down this dark path increases the peril you face.
North Korea is not the paradise your grandfather envisioned. It is a hell that no person deserves. Yet, despite every crime you have committed against God and man, you are ready to offer, and we will do that -- we will offer a path to a much better future. It begins with an end to the aggression of your regime, a stop to your development of ballistic missiles, and complete, verifiable, and total denuclearization. (Applause.)
A sky-top view of this peninsula shows a nation of dazzling light in the South and a mass of impenetrable darkness in the North. We seek a future of light, prosperity, and peace. But we are only prepared to discuss this brighter path for North Korea if its leaders cease their threats and dismantle their nuclear program.
The sinister regime of North Korea is right about only one thing: The Korean people do have a glorious destiny, but they could not be more wrong about what that destiny looks like. The destiny of the Korean people is not to suffer in the bondage of oppression, but to thrive in the glory of freedom. (Applause.)
What South Koreans have achieved on this peninsula is more than a victory for your nation. It is a victory for every nation that believes in the human spirit. And it is our hope that, someday soon, all of your brothers and sisters of the North will be able to enjoy the fullest of life intended by God.
Your republic shows us all of what is possible. In just a few decades, with only the hard work, courage, and talents of your people, you turned this war-torn land into a nation blessed with wealth, rich in culture, and deep in spirit. You built a home where all families can flourish and where all children can shine and be happy.
This Korea stands strong and tall among the great community of independent, confident, and peace-loving nations. We are nations that respect our citizens, cherish our liberty, treasure our sovereignty, and control our own destiny. We affirm the dignity of every person and embrace the full potential of every soul. And we are always prepared to defend the vital interests of our people against the cruel ambition of tyrants.
Together, we dream of a Korea that is free, a peninsula that is safe, and families that are reunited once again. We dream of highways connecting North and South, of cousins embracing cousins, and this nuclear nightmare replaced with the beautiful promise of peace.
Until that day comes, we stand strong and alert. Our eyes are fixed to the North, and our hearts praying for the day when all Koreans can live in freedom. (Applause.)
Thank you. (Applause.) God Bless You. God Bless the Korean people. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
11:59 A.M. KSTBlue House
Seoul, Republic of Korea
8:19 P.M. KST
PRESIDENT MOON: (As interpreted.) Tomorrow marks the one-year anniversary of President Trump's election victory. In Korea, we have a custom of holding a special celebration on one's first birthday. So after pondering about how to best celebrate the first anniversary of President Trump's victory, I decided to invite the President to Korea as a state guest and hold a banquet. (Applause.)
Ladies and gentlemen, another big round of applause to congratulate President Trump. (Applause.)
I would like to extend my heartfelt welcome to President and Mrs. Trump, both of whom I highly respect, on their first visit to Korea. This is the first state visit by an American President in 25 years and the first state visit for me and my administration. I am very pleased to get this opportunity to repay so quickly the hospitality I received in Washington, D.C. last June.
Over the months, I have maintained close contact with President Trump. But now, after spending a day with the President and the First Lady within Cheong Wa Dae, I feel a sense of intimacy, as if we were old friends.
Distinguished guests, last September, in his keynote speech to the U.N. General Assembly, President Trump recollected President Truman's great initiatives for rebuilding the free world in the aftermath of World War II. Thanks to President Truman's resolute decision, the U.S.-led U.N. forces participated in the war that broke out on the Korean Peninsula.
The ROK-U.S. alliance was born out of the same red blood of patriots spilt by Korean and American soldiers on the battlefield.
Last June, I paid my respects at the Chosin Reservoir Battle memorial in Quantico. I convey my gratitude to the Korean War veterans for their honorable sacrifices, and reflect upon the noble values of the ROK-U.S. alliance that has defended freedom and peace.
Even at this very moment, the peace of my country, which was won with blood, is being threatened once again. But the ROK-U.S. alliance gives us the strength to stop this threat.
Camp Humphreys, where President Trump visited today, is the largest and most advanced U.S. military installation outside of the United States, and it is a symbol of the enduring strength of the ROK-U.S. alliance.
Ladies and gentlemen, war must not break out again on the Korean Peninsula. And in this respect, the United States has provided enormous support. The close coordination between Korea and the United States, and the overwhelming superiority of power that stems from the ROK-U.S. alliance, will eventually make North Korea cease its reckless provocations and make North Korea come out to dialogue for denuclearization.
The ROK-U.S. alliance of tomorrow will grow into a trustworthy pillar that guarantees the lasting peace on the Korean Peninsula and also builds peace and prosperity in all of Northeast Asia.
Ladies and gentlemen, President Trump's election victory one year ago is already making America great again. Korea faces the task of making this world a better place through cooperation with a great America.
Korea has worked with the United States for peace and reconstruction in Iraq and Afghanistan. We are also working hand-in-hand with the United States to realize the common values of humanity, such as human rights and the eradication of poverty. I believe that making such joint efforts will make the ROK-U.S. alliance an even greater alliance as President Trump and I have agreed to do last June, and, at the same time, make America even greater.
Thank you. (Applause.)
Now I would like to propose a toast. Please fill your glasses, and may I ask you to raise your glasses.
If you are ready: I give you my word that I will always stand by you on our journey to make the ROK-U.S. alliance an even greater alliance. I congratulate President Trump on the one-year anniversary of his election victory. And I would like to propose a toast to the good health of President and Mrs. Trump.
(A toast is offered.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much. And this is an exciting time, and we're going to have an exciting day tomorrow, for many reasons that people will find out, in addition to the fact I look forward to making a -- hopefully -- very comprehensive speech before you and the leaders of Korea. And that will be really something that I'm representing the American people. The relationship that we have is a fantastic one.
And I have to say, President Moon and First Lady Kim, thank you very much. I greatly appreciate your hosting Melania and myself on our first trip to the very beautiful Republic of Korea.
We were honored to welcome you to the White House this past summer, and now it's a tremendous honor to visit your magnificent home -- and magnificent it is, to see this beautiful land, and to meet the remarkable people of South Korea.
The partnership between our two nations and our two people is deep and enduring. We have been proud to stand by your side for many decades as an unwavering friend and a loyal ally. And you have never had a time where this ally has been more loyal or stood by your side more than right now.
Here in South Korea, the people built a free, sovereign, and democratic republic. Through their resilience and sacrifice and determination, they became the chief architects of the future. Today, the course of this great nation is charted solely by the free people of South Korea.
Mr. President, your remarkable success truly demonstrates what is possible when people are free to follow their dreams, pursue their passions, and hope for a better future for their children.
Tonight, we celebrate South Korea's success and affirm our close and abiding bonds of friendship.
Together, our nations remind the world of the boundless potential of societies that choose freedom over tyranny, and who set the free. And we will free, and we will sacrifice, and we will hope, and we will make things beautiful, especially the aspiration of your people.
As true partners, we have remained faithful friends through periods of challenge and opportunity. And that's what we have now, is great opportunity. We will continue to support each other in the years ahead.
In that spirit, I would like to offer a toast to President Moon and First Lady Kim, and to the people of South Korea: May freedom and peace flourish on this peninsula. In our time, and for generations to come, this will be a special evening and a special time. May our bonds of friendship continue to deepen, and may the cherished hopes of our people and the people across the region soon be realized.
Mr. President, may your dreams come true. It's an honor to be with you. Thank you very much.
(A toast is offered.)
END
8:35 P.M. KSTBlue House
Seoul, Republic of Korea
5:20 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT MOON: (As interpreted.) I extend my heartfelt welcome to the visit by Your Excellency, President Donald Trump, and Madam First Lady to the Republic of Korea. His visit marks the first state visit by the U.S. President to Korea in 25 years. And President Trump is also the first state guest for myself and my government. This special bond forged between President Trump and myself, I find it very meaningful and I am gratified to be part of it.
President Trump and I met and communicated with each other numerous times, building deep trust and consolidating our friendship. Today we had candid discussions about steadfastness of ROK-U.S. alliance. Moreover, we agreed to work towards resolving North Korean nuclear issue in a peaceful manner and bringing permanent peace to the Korean Peninsula.
Against escalating nuclear and missile threats from North Korea, we reaffirmed our principle that we must maintain a strong stance toward North Korean threats based on overwhelming superiority of power. President Trump has reaffirmed his ironclad commitment to defend Korea, and President Trump and I agreed to further strengthen the robust combined defense posture of our two countries. In this regard, President Trump and I agreed to expend rotational deployment of U.S. strategic assets in and around Korean Peninsula.
We will step up our collaboration to enhance Korea's self-defense capability to unprecedented levels. To this end, we reached a conclusion today to lift the payload limit on Korean missiles completely, with a final agreement. We also agreed to begin consultation for Korea's acquisitions and development of Korea's state-of-art military reconnaissance assets.
Once again, we strongly urge North Korea to halt its nuclear and missile provocation, and to come to a dialogue table for denuclearization as soon as possible. President Trump and I reaffirmed our current strategy, which is to maximize pressure and sanctions on North Korea until it gives up nuclear weapons and to come to the table for dialogue on its own.
At the same time, should North Korea choose to make the right choice, we also reaffirmed our view that we are willing to offer North Korea a bright future. Based on such common approach between our two countries, we will continue to lead efforts to bring peaceful and fundamental solutions to North Korean nuclear issues.
We will maintain close collaboration with the international community, including the neighboring countries. I sincerely hope that President Trump's visit at this time will be a turning point for the situation on the Korean Peninsula in a stable manner.
Today, President Trump and I visited Pyeongtaek base, which is a symbolic venue for showing the future of ROK-U.S. alliance and also Korea's contribution to the alliance.
As we gave our words of encouragement to Korean and American servicemembers while striving to realize our common goal, we could feel the strong friendship of Korea and U.S. alliance on the site. President Trump and I also agreed to continue strengthening of the combined defense postures and capabilities of the bilateral alliance by pursuing defense cost-sharing at an adequate and reasonable level.
Last, but not least, we reaffirmed that economic cooperation is an important pillar of ROK-U.S. alliance. We share the view that economic cooperation is a critical element in our efforts to pursue sustainable and future-orientated ROK-U.S. alliance.
In order to enjoy the benefit of free, equitable, and balanced trade together, we agreed to have the relevant authorities expedite the process of KORUS FTA consultation. By sharing the universal value and the fruits of economic prosperity with the humankind, President Trump and I agreed to make a joint contribution to the peace and prosperity of the world.
We also agreed to continue strengthening cooperation for global challenges, including issues of terrorism, women, human rights, and public health.
President Trump requested that I need to talk with him continuously, and we agreed that we will continuously have frequent and close communications. And by doing that, we'll further strengthen the trust and ties between us, and also solidify the bilateral alliance.
Once again, I extend a warm welcome to President and Madam First Lady's visit to Korea. Please enjoy the beautiful autumn weather and find deepening of friendship in our two countries, as well as our two leaders. Thank you. (Applause.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much, President Moon. Thank you for honoring us with the invitation to be here today and for the incredibly warm welcome and magnificent ceremony you have given us during our first trip to the very beautiful city of Seoul. Thank you very much.
Melania and I had a wonderful time having tea with you and First Lady Kim -- thank you -- at the beautiful Blue House, which I've heard so much about, and I'll get to visit and see firsthand. We're looking forward to joining you for dinner this evening, and we have much to discuss.
Today, the President and I had an opportunity to talk about a range of vital economic and security matters, including our trade relationship and our joint efforts to solve North Korea's grave nuclear threat to South Korea and, indeed, the entire world. This is a worldwide problem.
The Republic of Korea is more than a longstanding ally of the United States. We are partners and friends who have fought side-by-side in a war, and, really, worked very hard and prospered toward a great and lasting peace.
I feel confident that we'll be able to reach a free, fair, and reciprocal trade deal as we renegotiate our current five-year-old trade document. We cannot allow North Korea to threaten all that we have built -- and we have built it very much together, and we're very, very proud of it, also, together -- but all that we've built in the decade since our soldiers sacrificed side-by-side in the struggle for freedom. Our alliance is more important than ever to peace and security on the Korean Peninsula and across the Indo-Pacific region.
That is why Vice President Pence, Secretary of State Tillerson, who is with us today, and Secretary of Defense Mattis, who was here just a short time ago, have all traveled to Seoul in the first year of my administration. It was very important to me that they did.
North Korea's sixth test of a nuclear device and its missile launches are a threat not only to the people of South Korea but to the people all across our globe. We will together confront North Korea's actions and prevent the North Korean dictator from threatening millions of innocent lives. He is indeed threatening millions and millions of lives so needlessly.
North Korea is a worldwide threat that requires worldwide action. We call on every responsible nation, including China and Russia, to demand that the North Korean regime end its nuclear weapons and its missile programs, and live in peace. As the South Korean people know so well, it's time to act with urgency and with great determination.
All nations must implement U.N. Security Council regulations and cease trade and business entirely with North Korea. It is unacceptable that nations would help to arm and finance this increasingly dangerous regime.
As we work together to resolve this problem using all available tools short of military action, the United States stands prepared to defend itself and its allies using the full range of our unmatched military capabilities if need be.
The crucial U.S. security partnership with South Korea is just one aspect of our enduring alliance. We also share deep partnerships on a range of issues, from cultural exchange to cutting-edge advances in science and medicine, and the very important issue of trade.
Currently, we are looking at ways of improving our economic relationship. I would like to thank President Moon for instructing his trade negotiators to work closely with us to quickly pursue a much better deal -- a deal that, frankly, has been quite unsuccessful and not very good for the United States.
In the more than six decades since we signed our mutual defense treaty, our alliance has grown stronger and deeper. Our two nations symbolize what independent countries can accomplish when they serve the interests of their people, respect the sovereignty of their neighbors, and uphold the rule of law.
Imagine the amazing possibilities for a Korean Peninsula liberated from the threat of nuclear weapons, where all Koreans could enjoy the blessings of liberty and the prosperity that you have achieved right here in South Korea.
I also want to congratulate President Moon and the South Korean people on hosting the Winter Olympics this upcoming February. It will be a truly spectacular event.
Mr. President, I want to thank you and First Lady Kim. And, I mean, it was just so special today. The ceremony was so beautiful. We very much thank you for it.
Together, our two nations will handle threats to peace and security, stand up to those who would threaten our freedom, and boldly seize the incredible opportunities for a better, brighter, and more prosperous tomorrow.
In good times and bad, in moments of great hardship and great success, our two nations can always count on the close bonds and deep friendship we share as free, proud, and independent people.
Mr. President, I look forward to the rest of our visit together, and I send the wonderful citizens of South Korea the best wishes from the people of the United States of America. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
MODERATOR: Thank you very much. We have just heard from President Trump, and now would like to invite the questions from the members of the media corps.
So we would like to now ask the White House correspondents from the U.S. side to ask questions, and President Trump will respond. And then from the Blue House, there will be Q and A.
MS. SANDERS: The first question from the United States will go to Margaret Brennan from CBS.
Q Thank you, sir. Mr. President --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Which one? (Laughter.)
Q President Trump -- I will have questions from both of you gentlemen. But, President Trump, you spoke here in South Korea saying that you do believe that the crisis with North Korea will be worked out. So, specifically, have you seen any success in your diplomatic strategy so far? And do you still believe that direct talks are a waste of time?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I think you know me well enough to know that I don't like talking about whether I see success or not in a case such as this. We like to play our cards a little bit close to the vest.
I will say this -- that I believe it makes sense for North Korea to do the right thing, not only for North Korea, but for humanity all over the world. So there is a lot of reason, a lot of good reason behind it.
With that, yes, I think we're making a lot of progress. I think we're showing great strength. I think they understand we have unparalleled strength. There has never been strength like it.
You know we sent three of the largest aircraft carriers in the world, and they're right now positioned. We have a nuclear submarine also positioned. We have many things happening that we hope, we hope -- in fact, I'll go a step further, we hope to God we never have to use.
With that being said, I really believe that it makes sense for North Korea to come to the table and to make a deal that's good for the people of North Korea and the people of the world. I do see certain movement, yes. But let's see what happens.
Q And on direct talks, sir?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I don't want to say that.
Q Okay.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I just don't want to say that. You can understand that.
Q I do, sir.
Q And, President Moon, you, in your meeting earlier with President Trump, were spoken about by President Trump when he gestured to the military purchases that your country will be making. And I'm wondering, as you look towards that military build-up, if that signals something -- perhaps a change in your view -- where you believe a more aggressive stance towards North Korea is more appropriate.
PRESIDENT MOON: (As interpreted.) If I could have the question repeated again. Are you referring to the acquisition of the military assets, or are you referring to the military tensions that could be incurred?
Q President Trump said you would be making military purchases of military equipment. What does that signal (inaudible)?
PRESIDENT MOON: (As interpreted.) I’m not entirely sure which direction your question was, but I can say one thing: When it comes to the state of our reconnaissance assets and the strategy assets -- on acquisition of this U.S. strategy assets, we have agreed to begin the consultations for Korea's acquisition of such assets. And that is to enhance Korea's defense capabilities and also the combined defense posture of Korea and the United States. I think it is essential.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Margaret, if I may add to that, that the President and I have agreed they'll be buying a tremendous -- which they want, and which they need, and everybody thinks it makes a lot of sense.
We make the greatest military equipment in the world, whether it's planes, whether it's missiles. No matter what it is, we have the greatest military equipment in the world. And South Korea will be ordering billions of dollars of that equipment, which, frankly, for them makes a lot of sense. And for us, it means jobs; it means reducing our trade deficit with South Korea.
But they'll be ordering billions of dollars' worth of equipment, and we've already approved some of those orders. Okay? Thank you.
Q I have a question for President Moon: Between Korea and the United States, I think one of the most important diplomacy challenges will be to work on -- resolve the nuclear problem of the DPRK. And you gave a foreign press interview -- you talked about bringing balance and diplomacy, and you talked about resolving nuclear problem and the close cooperation between Korea and the United States, and you talked about China's role.
Are you referring to the balance between the U.S. -- balance of Korea between U.S. and China, or are you referring to something else? And you have had a third summit meeting at the summit meeting you just had. You said that you have agreed to bring permanent peace to (inaudible) on the Korean Peninsula. And what kind of role are you expecting the United States and President Trump to play with regards to settling peace on the Korean Peninsula?
PRESIDENT MOON: (As interpreted.) So on bringing balance in our diplomatic approaches, this is not about our stance vis-à-vis the United States and China. We are trying to bring a solution to the DPRK nuclear problem and to bring permanent peace on the Korean Peninsula.
And, moreover, we would like to promote peace, stability and prosperity of the Northeast Asian region. So we would like to expand our diplomatic efforts in this regard. And that should include our efforts for China as well as (inaudible) and Russia and the EU.
I believe that we should diversify efforts -- diplomatic efforts -- so that we can pursue a more balanced approach. So that was the intention of making such comment.
And to establish permanent peace on the Korean Peninsula and to resolve the nuclear problem, I think there's role to be played by the United States and China. And when it comes to the United States, a very strong sanctions and pressure is being put by the United States. The U.S. is leading efforts, and I am very sure that substantive results will be realized through such efforts.
And China has also faithfully implemented the U.N. resolution to impose sanctions on DPRK. So we have heightened the pressure and sanctions on DPRK, and I think this will also contribute to resolving the nuclear problem.
And if our international society's efforts bear fruits and if we can really make a turnaround, then I'm sure that we will be able to bring North Korea to the table of dialogue. And through such dialogue, I am very confident that we can freeze a nuclear program and ultimately dismantle the weapons of the DPRK entirely. And in this, I believe that cooperation from the U.S. and China is essential.
And on establishing a permanent peace on the Korean Peninsula, I don't think it's the right timing that we talk about this issue. Now we should focus on bringing an end to the DPRK provocations, and bringing DPRK to the table for dialogue. This is a pending challenge we must address now. So we must focus on sanctions and pressure. And there is a time -- the time finally comes that we should certainly make efforts to further consult each other -- Korea and the U.S. -- for settling peace on the Korean Peninsula.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I want to just say that President Xi -- where we will be tomorrow, China -- has been very helpful. We'll find out how helpful soon. But he really has been very, very helpful. So China is out trying very hard to solve the problem with North Korea. We hope that Russia, likewise, will be helpful. We also hope that other countries -- and we know for a fact that other countries have already started. And we've had great dialogue with many other countries, as you know, and they're really helping a lot.
So if we get China, if we get Russia -- and we have some other countries, but we want to get most of them -- we think that things will happen, and they could happen very quickly.
This is a problem, by the way, that should have been done over the last 25 years, not now. This is not the right time to be doing it, but that's what I got. That's what I got. This is a problem that should have been taken care of a long time ago.
Thank you.
MS. SANDERS: Thank you. The United States' second and final question will go to Ali Vitali from NBC.
Q Thank you, Mr. President. You've talked about wanting to put extreme vetting on people trying to come into the United States, but I wonder if you would consider extreme vetting for people trying to buy a gun.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Trying to what?
Q Buy a gun.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, you're bringing up a situation that probably shouldn’t be discussed too much right now. We could let a little time go by, but it's okay. If you feel that that's an appropriate question, even though we're in the heart of South Korea, I will certainly answer your question.
If you did what you're suggesting, there would have been no difference three days ago, and you might not have had that very brave person who happened to have a gun or a rifle in his truck go out and shoot him, and hit him and neutralize him. And I can only say this: If he didn’t have a gone, instead of having 26 dead, you would have had hundreds more dead. So that's the way I feel about it. Not going to help.
Q And are you considering any kind of gun control policy going forward because --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I mean, you look at the city with the strongest gun laws in our nation, is Chicago, and Chicago is a disaster. It's a total disaster. Just remember, if this man didn’t have a gun or rifle, you'd be talking about a much worse situation in the great state of Texas. Thank you.
Q (As interpreted.) For President Trump: Today you visited Pyeongtaek military base as you first stop, and we have allocated 9 trillion won for the building of the military base. And there's been bits of conflict, confrontations with the residents of Pyeongtaek over the construction of the Pyeongtaek base. So, to Koreans, a lot of taxpayers' money has been put into build the Pyeongtaek base and a lot of sacrifices have been made to build that base. So you visited the Pyeongtaek base today and many people talked about freeriding of Korea against security of the United States. So what are your feelings about such talks as you visited the Pyeongtaek base?
And another question I have is that people have concerns about Korea passing, although a lot of that has gone away. People are still concerned that Korea may be neglected in diplomacy. So what are your views on the Korea passing? Can you just say for sure, for certain, that Korea passing no longer exists for the Korean people?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I'll start off with your second. South Korea -- Republic of Korea, Korea -- is very important to me. And there will be no skipping South Korea, I can tell you that right now. Plus, I've developed great friendships, not only with the President but with others, and we're not going to let them down and they're not going to let us down. Because we're doing a lot for them, to be honest. We're doing a lot for them.
As far as the base is concerned, I thought that Humphreys was an incredible military installation. I know what it costs, and it's a lot of money. We actually spent some of that money, and, as you know, that money was spent, for the most part, to protect South Korea, not to protect the United States. But some of that money was spent by us.
That being said, that was long before my time, and I'm sure I could have built it for a lot less. (Laughter.) That's what I do. Thank you.
PRESIDENT MOON: (As interpreted.) If you don’t mind, I'd like to make some supplementary remarks.
Today, President Trump visited Pyeongtaek military base, and his visit shows -- through his visit, we were able to show that Korea is making significant contribution -- huge contributions to the KORUS alliance. I hope that that has been felt by President Trump. And at the expanded summit talks, he has expressed his appreciation for the construction of the splendid base. And at the Pyeongtaek base, with the 8th Army Commander, as well as the USFK Commander, we had a briefing by the commanders and there was a strong emphasis on their part as well.
END
5:48 P.M. KSTBlue House
Seoul, Republic of Korea
3:39 P.M. KST
PRESIDENT MOON: (As interpreted.) As President of the United States, this is the first state visit to Korea in 25 years. And since the launch of my new administration, this is the first state visit that I'm receiving from overseas. I would like to warmly welcome you and Mrs. Trump both to Korea and to Cheong Wa Dae.
So I hope that I will have an opportunity to repay the warm hospitality that I received from you when I visited Washington, D.C. in June.
And I heard this past Sunday there was some tragic news from Texas. I believe that you would have the even more heavier heart because you were traveling overseas when this happened. On behalf of the Korean government and the Korean people, I would like to convey my heartfelt condolences to you, Mr. President, and the American people.
And also, I would like to congratulate you in advance. Tomorrow is your one-year anniversary of your election victory. And I believe it has not been one year yet, your time in office, but you have already -- you are already making great progress on making America great again, as you have promised on the campaign trail.
And I would like to congratulate you on the progress that you've been making on the economy and also the fact that the stock market has continued to break new records every day. And thanks to that, the stock market in Korea is also performing very well. It is good to know that both of us are doing very well.
And I would also like to commend you on your efforts in leading the international collaboration and unity when it comes to countering North Korea nuclear issue. I know that you have put this issue at the top of your security agenda.
So I hope that your visit to Korea and to the Asia Pacific region will serve as an opportunity to relieve some of the anxiety that the Korean people have due to North Korea's provocations, and also serve as a turning point in resolving the North Korean nuclear issue.
The Korean people welcome you as one, and we have great expectations.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. President Moon, I want to thank you so much for that beautiful ceremony. It doesn’t get more beautiful than that, and I know the work that was put into it. And I watched all of those tens of thousands of people along the route in proudly waving your flag, your great flag, and also waving the American flag, in many cases. I was very happy to see such spirit. You have tremendous spirit in this country, and it's a great country.
I just have to say that it's an honor to be with you and your beautiful wife. And we look forward to having a very successful, really, day of talks. We'll start right now and we'll conclude sometime tomorrow. And then I go off to China, where we look forward to a tremendous success, also. We just left Japan, and there's a great spirit. It's a great part of the world, and it's a very tremendous honor to be here and to be with you.
And again, I very much appreciate the reception. Thank you very much.
END
3:45 P.M. KSTSeoul, Republic of Korea
4:06 P.M. KST
PRESIDENT MOON: (No translation provided.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much, Mr. President. And it's an honor to be here with my representatives. And we're going to have a very busy full day ahead.
It is interesting that it is one year, as of tomorrow, that we had our election victory. And it was great victory, and a victory that made a lot of people very happy. And our country is doing very well from the standpoint of the economy. It's doing record numbers, record stock market, 17-year low. We have the lowest unemployment that we've had in 17 years. And we've created trillions and trillions of dollars of value for our country. So we're very happy.
We're now working on massive tax cuts for our people, especially our companies which produce jobs in our middle class. And I think that's going along very well. We hope we're going to be victorious and get that big tax cut which the American people want.
I had a great time at Camp Humphreys today visiting with the U.S. and the South Korean troops. They are very impressive. Thank you. And as we very easily remember, because it was so good -- we had lunch together with the troops. And we had the option of having a magnificent restaurant, a beautiful room, and I said, let's have it with the troops. And we were very happy about it. It's a great facility -- Camp Humphreys -- and it really is a very special place. Tremendous cost -- a lot of it spent by your government to make your country safe. And any time you spend wisely for the military, that's always a good thing to do.
And your military is becoming very strong. Our military is now going to be, very soon, at the strongest level. We're committed to spending $700 billion, and that number may even go up. For our military, we're ordering new jet fighters, new equipment of virtually every kind. We make the finest equipment in the world, and you're buying a lot of it, and we appreciate that. And you'll be buying a lot of our military equipment. There's nobody that comes close, whether it's the planes, the missiles, the ships -- anything you want to talk about -- there's nothing like what we do in that sense. And we appreciate your big purchase orders for military equipment.
The North Korea situation will be a discussion that we will have front and center. And hopefully something is going to be very successfully worked out on that. And trade is something that we always talk; it's one of my favorite subjects. I guess it's one of the reasons that I had that great, successful victory
last year, at this time. So we'll be discussing trade also.
We'd like to do much more business with South Korea, where South Korea is going to order a lot more. But the good news is, you will be ordering. I mean, we've already worked on that. And through our representatives, the amount of equipment and things that you'll be ordering from the United States will be very substantially increased and therefore we'll be bringing the trade deficit way down, which is very important to our people. We have trade deficits with numerous countries, and we don't want to have trade deficits. So we appreciate that very much. And what you're getting is the finest equipment anywhere in the world.
So we'll discuss North Korea, we'll discuss trade, we'll discuss other things, and I really was honored by that ceremony today. That was a beautiful, beautiful ceremony at the highest level. No matter where you'd go, you could never see that. That is just as beautiful as it can be, and it represented your country so well. And I just want to thank you for that. That was a real honor.
And it's an honor to be with you, and I look forward to spending the rest of today and a good part of tomorrow on negotiating. We'll negotiate some of those good deals, both ways. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
4:16 P.M. KST1:53 P.M. KST
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. I just want to thank General Brooks and everybody that is working with us so hard on the situation in South Korea. Terrific people.
I had a choice of having a beautiful, very fancy lunch, and I said, no, I want to eat with the troops. And we ate with the troops. And it was good eating. It was good eating. And I tell you, they've done a terrific job. Very impressive.
And we have a very strong schedule today and, actually, for the next nine days. As you know, we just got back from Japan where we had a very successful two days. Today will be pretty busy and tomorrow also. And then we head to China. And I look forward to that.
There's great cooperation. We have a terrific meeting scheduled on trade in a little while with President Moon and his representatives. And we will -- hopefully, that will start working out, and working out so that we create lots of jobs in the United States, which is one the reasons -- one of the very important reasons I'm here.
In addition to that, we'll be meeting with the various generals -- General Brooks and the various generals -- about the situation in North Korea. And I think we're going to have lots of good answers for you over a period of time, and ultimately it will all work out. Because it always works out -- has to work out.
So I want to thank you all for being here. We appreciate it. Thank you very much. We're going to see you in a little while. And I think about 4:30, we're going to be separately meeting with you.
But we appreciate it. I hope you had a good flight here. Many of you were on the flight with me, so I know it was pretty good. And I think you're probably just as impressed as I am. This is a very impressive group of people, beyond facilities -- people. These are very impressive people.
So, General, thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you.
END
1:55 P.M. KSTTokyo, Japan
12:12 P.M. JST
PRIME MINISTER ABE: (As interpreted.) I’d like to express my heartfelt condolences and sympathy for your loss and also for those who lost their lives and those who were hurt in the shooting incident in Texas this morning. I understand that you are facing a very difficult time at this moment, and I'd like to express our heartfelt solidarity with the United States.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you.
PRIME MINISTER ABE: (As interpreted.) And, once again, I wholeheartedly welcome your visit to Japan, Donald, and also Madam First Lady.
And also prior to your visit to Japan, we had an honor and pleasure of welcoming your daughter, Ms. Ivanka Trump, and there was actually a fever among the Japanese people. (Laughter.)
Yesterday, we did enjoy playing golf together, and also had a great time over dinner with you and the Madam First Lady. So, over lunch, I very much look forward to having an in-depth and candid discussion to cover the issue of North Korea and other challenges that we face.
The Japan-U.S. alliance is the foundation for peace and prosperity in the Asia Pacific region, as well as in the international community. And through your visit to Japan this time, I am ready to further solidify our unwavering bond and relationship under the alliance.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Shinzo, thank you very much. This has been an absolutely great two days. You've become a very close friend, as everybody knows. And to be with you and Madam was just really something very special. To have the privilege of playing golf with you and Matsuyama was great. He's a great champion and a great celebrity, even in our country -- a great celebrity.
But the time that we spent together has been very fruitful. We will be now discussing trade. We'll be discussing North Korea. We'll be discussing military. I appreciate all of the purchases you're making toward military equipment and other things in the United States. And, you know, we make the best, and you will get the best service.
But this has been a very, very special two days. So, on behalf of the United States of America and all of my representatives, I'd like thank you and all of your representatives. And we will continue to have a relationship that's even better than we have ever had with Japan.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
END
12:15 P.M. JSTU.S. Ambassador's Residence
Tokyo, Japan
9:18 A.M. JST
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much, Bill. Please, sit down. Thank you. Thank you very much, Mr. Ambassador, for that wonderful introduction, I guess. Right? (Laughter.) That was good with me. And thank you for representing, Bill, so well the interests of the American people in Japan and the incredible relationship that you have with Japan. We really appreciate it. You're doing a fantastic job. We very much appreciate it. Thank you.
Let me begin today by addressing the horrific shooting in Sutherland Springs, Texas. Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of today's horrible and murderous attack. This act of evil occurred as the victims and their families were in their place of sacred worship. We cannot put into words the pain and grief we all feel, and we cannot begin to imagine the suffering of those who lost the ones they so dearly loved.
Our hearts are broken, but in dark times -- and these are dark times -- such as these, Americans do what they do best: We pull together. We join hands, we lock arms, and through the tears and through the sadness, we stand strong -- oh, so strong.
My administration will provide its full support to the great state of Texas and all local authorities investigating this horrible crime. I've spoken just a few minutes ago with Governor Abbott, and we offer our thanks to the first responders, the FBI, all of the many people involved, both federal and otherwise. Ultimately, they stopped the suspect and rendered immediate lifesaving aid to certain victims of the shooting.
I will continue to follow the developments closely. All of America is praying to God to help the wounded and the families of the victims. We will never, ever leave their side -- ever.
With that being said, we are here today in Japan with one of our closest and most cherished allies, through bad times and good times, through rain and through shine. I want to thank Secretary Tillerson -- Rex -- who has done a tremendous job of leading the dedicated men and women of the Department of State here in Japan and around the world.
The splendor and beauty of Japan has left a lasting impression on me and my family. And I want to thank the First Lady for being with us, Melania. Please stand. (Applause.) She's become a very, very popular First Lady, I can tell you that. Whenever I speak, they have hundreds of signs out in the audience. We love our First Lady, which is so true. Thank you.
And our warmest admiration for this ancient culture. It's an ancient culture and its customs are ancient, and it's terrific. Over the weekend, Ivanka attended the World Assembly for Women with Prime Minister Abe, who I was with all day yesterday. I applaud the Prime Minister -- and he's a terrific person, by the way -- for his dedication to advancing women in the workforce. And I share his commitment to empowering women in business and in all professions.
This morning, I am pleased to have an opportunity to discuss how we can strengthen and improve the economic ties between the United States and Japan. And I have to say, for the last many decades, Japan has been winning. You do know that.
For the, actually, last 70 years, cooperation between our two countries has helped us to pioneer incredible advances in commerce, in science, medicine, and technology. Our students study together, our scholars exchange ideas, and business leaders like you work together to invest in a better, more prosperous future for both of our nations.
I know many of the leaders in this room have helped build Japan into the center for commerce and innovation that it is today. And I want to commend you for your incredible achievements in so many areas. And I looked at a list of the people in the room -- they are truly the leaders of industry. I congratulate you all. Names that, in many cases, I haven’t met, but I know you well, from reading about you on the covers of every business magazine and sometimes well beyond the business magazines. So, congratulations. Fantastic job you've done in building some of the greatest companies in the world. And it's an honor to be working with you.
We want to thank and make the United States for the people in this room, and well beyond this room, the most attractive place for you to hire, invest, and to grow. That's why we are very, very substantially lowering our taxes. The United States is one of the highest-taxed nations in the world. But it's also a market like no other; by far, the biggest market in the world.
Its numbers are phenomenal over the last -- since November 8th, Election Day. Our unemployment is at a 17-year low. We've gotten almost 2 million more people in the workforce in just that short period of time. I've reduced regulations terrifically, frankly, if I do say so myself -- but at a level that nobody else has ever done. I've done more in nine months in terms of the reduction of regulations than any President has done in a full term, and it's not even close. And if it were close, they will let you know about it tomorrow morning, believe me. They will tell you about it, but it's not even close.
The stock market reached an all-time high on Friday, and that's the 61st, I believe -- something around that number -- 61st time that's happened. So we have a lot of happy people in this room because your stocks are right in there. And look at you, you're smiling. Very happy. (Laughter.) What company? What company?
PARTICIPANT: ANA.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Oh, that's another big one. That's a great company. Are you happy? You happy with the job?
PARTICIPANT: (Inaudible.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Good. Come around, give me your hand. (Applause.) That is some company, too. Congratulations, you've done a great job.
But it's reached an all-time high. I believe it's maybe in the neighborhood of 61 times during the course of -- from November 8. And so we're honored by that. GDP growth, very importantly, we hit 3.2 last quarter -- 3.2 And this time we hit 3, and we figure a good point -- I would say a good solid point for hurricanes. We had four horrific hurricanes, as everybody knows, and did tremendous damage to Texas and Florida and Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands and Louisiana, and even Alabama was affected, and other places -- Georgia.
And we figured at least a point. So I was going to close my eyes a little bit when the numbers came out. And the number came out at 3. That would mean that it would have been 4. And GDP at 4 was unthinkable, actually unthinkable, when I was running. And I said we could do it. They were saying maybe you could hit 2, 2.5. My first quarter was 1. We were in the ones. And so we're at 3, and now 3.2. And again, without the hurricanes, I think we would have been 4 or very close to 4. So that's GDP of 4. That was not something that people thought of in the first three or four years, and we've already hit it. And we will continue to.
On regulations, while I've reduced regulations terrifically. It would take, as an example, to build a highway -- it would take 17 to 20 years to get approvals. And at the end of 20th year, in many cases, they voted it down. Do you approve? No. So they wasted tens of millions of dollars. There's a highway in Maryland where it took exactly 17 years. And the original numbers were very little, and it ended up costing hundreds of millions of dollars for a very small, short highway. And we can't have that.
So we're trying to bring that number down from -- anywhere from 13 to 20 years. We're trying to bring it down to one year. You want to build a road? You want to build a highway? You want to build a school? You want to build a factory -- most importantly, to the folks in this room -- or a plant? You're going to have your approvals very, very quickly.
Now, you may be rejected quickly, too. But that's okay. If you're rejected quickly -- you don't want to be rejected at the end of the 17th year. I approved a power plant, which has been under consideration for 11 years, and they gave up, and I approved it. And it's a $7 billion plant. And the state wanted it and the local community wanted it, but they had environmental restrictions. And now it's being built.
The Dakota Access Pipeline and, as you know, the Keystone Pipeline, that was rejected by the previous administration. The Keystone Pipeline was dead. And the Dakota Access Pipeline was in even in worse shape because they built it but they weren't allowed to hook it up. So I consider not starting even better than that. And in my first week, I approved both. It's 42,000 jobs. The Dakota is already open and Keystone is starting; it's actually already started. And that was done in the first week -- got it approved.
And we have many other things like that. I could stand here all day and tell you additional events that we've done that create jobs and are good for our country, not bad for our country. When you want to build your auto plants, you will have your approvals almost immediately. When you want to expand your plants, you will have your approvals almost immediately. And in the room, we have a couple of the great folks from two of the biggest auto companies in the world that are building new plants and doing expansions of other plants. And you know who you are, and I want to just thank you very much. I want to thank you.
I also want to recognize the business leaders in the room whose confidence in the United States -- they've been creating jobs -- you have such confidence in the United States, and you've been creating jobs for our country for a long, long time. Several Japanese automobile industry firms have been really doing a job. And we love it when you build cars -- if you're a Japanese firm, we love it -- try building your cars in the United States instead of shipping them over. Is that possible to ask? That's not rude. Is that rude? I don't think so. (Laughter.) If you could build them. But I must say, Toyota and Mazda -- where are you? Are you here, anybody? Toyota? Mazda? I thought so. Oh, I thought that was you. That's big stuff. Congratulations. Come on, let me shake your hand. (Applause.) They're going to invest $1.6 billion in building a new manufacturing plant, which will create as many as 4,000 new jobs in the United States. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. (Applause.)
And we're very pleased that just last month, Denso announced that it will invest $1 billion to expand its activities in Tennessee, a great state -- great state --
AMBASSADOR HAGERTY: (Inaudible) right here, Mr. President.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I know, I'm going to introduce him now. And create over 1,000 new jobs. And I do believe that's you -- another famous man. Come here. (Applause.) Great state. You're going to love being there.
And again, it's really terrific. You watch, it's going to be -- it's going to go so smoothly. And the process is a much easier process now. So, thank you. Thank you both very much.
I want to thank these companies, but I want to thank all of the companies that are coming in. Many companies have announced now that they're coming into the United States to do plants, to do factories, to move. You saw Broadcom is coming in -- top 100 company -- they announced on Thursday from the Oval Office. Anytime you'd like to expand a second -- see, I don’t have to do that now because you've already announced, so I don’t have to bother. But if you do a little more expansion, we'll do it from the Oval Office, you two, all right? (Laughter.)
But we just did that announcement from the Oval Office. And Foxconn is coming in with a massive plant that is going to be in Wisconsin. And that was very exciting. They do the Apple iPhones, and it's going to be a tremendous success.
But we have to do more. The United States has suffered massive trade deficits with Japan for many, many years. Almost $70 billion annually. Seventy billion. Many millions of cars are sold by Japan into the United States, whereas virtually no cars go from the United States into Japan, and our car industry is doing very well and our product is fantastic. So we'll have to negotiate that out, and we'll do it in a very friendly way, and I know it's going to be a successful negotiation.
And one thing I can say -- that we make the greatest military equipment in the world. There's nothing close. And the Prime Minister is ordering a lot of military equipment, as he should be -- as he should be with what's happening with one of your neighbors. So that is happening.
We had a case yesterday, as you know, where a missile was shot into Saudi Arabia, and their missile system defense -- took the missile right out of the air, blew it up. Incredible talent, incredible technology that we have. Incredible. The accuracy that you can stop something like that, it's like a needle in the air going very, very fast. And, just, we make incredible equipment, whether it's the planes, the missiles -- anything you can think about. There's nobody even close. So we're going to be doing a lot of business with many countries on defense.
We want fair and open trade. But right now, our trade with Japan is not fair and it's not open, but I know it will be, soon. We want free and reciprocal trade, but right now our trade with Japan is not free and it's not reciprocal. And I know it will be. And we've started the process, and it's gone on for a long time, but I know that we will be able to come up with trade deals and trade concepts that are going to be fair to both countries, and, actually, I think will actually be better for both countries. And I have no doubt that it will be done in a quick and very friendly manner.
I'm very optimistic about the future of our economic partnership. We are proud, for instance, that, after the United States, Japan is the largest owner of Boeing aircraft. Greatest commercial aircraft in the world. (Applause.) Is Boeing here? Boeing?
PARTICIPANT: Right there, for Boeing --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Oh, look at my guy. Stand up. Boy, have I made him -- (applause) -- come, come.
(Inaudible.) You know, Melania had some of your stock. You know what happened? When I won, she was forced to sell it. (Laughter.) Fantastic. Great job you're doing. And I do love the F-18 also. I love the F-18.
So we're joined this morning also by Ray Washburne. Where's Ray? Stand up. What are you doing in the back of the room like that, Ray? Since when have you become shy? (Applause.) Ray was with us from the beginning. Right from the day I announced, Ray felt very strongly about it. And Ray is now the CEO of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, or OPIC, and Ray is working with the Japan Bank for International Cooperation to invest in bold, new infrastructure projects. This is a major development that will advance our shared interests in the region.
I want to thank you for doing such a great job. From day one, the day I met you -- perfect job. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
And in partnership with the United States, the sovereign nations of the Indo-Pacific will work together to achieve a future of security, prosperity, and peace. We will have more trade than anybody ever thought of under TPP, that I can tell you. TPP was not the right idea. Probably some of you in this room disagree, but ultimately I'll be proven to be right. We will have much bigger trade with the way we're doing it right now, and it will be a much less complex situation.
We cherish the friendship between the United States and Japan. And I cherish my friendship with Prime Minister Abe. We welcome more Japanese investments into the United States. We believe that a balanced economic partnership will unlock new frontiers for discovery, unleash new prosperity for our citizens, and improve the lives of millions and millions of people all around the world.
We're grateful for everything you do to promote opportunity in both Japan and the United States. We look forward to many years of cooperation, innovation, collaboration, and unbelievable trade -- unbelievable trade. It's happening and it's going to happen.
So I want to thank everybody for being here today. Again, you are the rock stars of business. Amazing people. I hope your family recognize how important you are. Oftentimes, they don't. Right? (Laughter.) But you really are. You're the rock stars of business, and it's an honor to be with you. And I think as soon as the media leaves, we'll do some question and answers. Okay?
Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much everybody. (Applause.)
END
9:39 A.M. JSTTokyo, Japan
7:31 P.M. JST
PRIME MINISTER ABE: (As interpreted.) Good evening, everyone. My name is Shinzo Abe. I'm extremely delighted to host tonight's banquet here at the State Guest House in honor of the very first visit to Japan by my dear friend, President Trump, and Madam First Lady, Ms. Melania Trump.
Yesterday's golf diplomacy between Donald and me attracted so much attention, and we actually made everything public, except for the score. And, through golf, we could demonstrate to the world how strong the bond is between Japan and the United States.
But Donald and I are not the first to promote this unique golf diplomacy. Just 60 years ago, my grandfather, Prime Minister Kishi, and President Eisenhower are the ones who initiated this tradition. And after the golf match, President Eisenhower shared two lessons with my grandfather. One, once you become a President of the United States, you need to be at a table with a group of people whom you don’t like to hang out. Second, when it comes to playing golf, you can play golf only with those who you really, really like to hang out.
But speaking of my relationship with President Trump, that is not enough. If I may add another lesson to the legacy of Prime Minister Kishi and President Eisenhower, I would say it like this: When you play golf with someone not just once, but for two times, the person must be your favorite guy.
So, yesterday, we had the pleasure of playing golf together with Mr. Hideki Matsuyama. And, tonight, we are so honored to have the participation of Mr. Isao Aoki, who is a pioneer in Japanese golf. (Applause.)
Even during the time that played golf with President Trump, the President and I were talking about Mr. Aoki. It is all about how his putting that was something that the entire world were mesmerized. And Donald told me as follows: Mr. Aoki's putting was just like super, super artistic. But you should never try to do the same, because that is the only thing that Mr. Aoki can only do, and you will not be able to do that. So next time we play golf together, I would love to have Mr. Aoki to join us and enjoy the time that I will spend with Mr. Trump.
Speaking of the First Ladies, I understand that my wife Akie and Madam First Lady had a chance to try Japanese calligraphy. Each wrote one Chinese character, or kanji: "hei" by Madam First Lady, which means being smooth and calm; and "wa" by my wife Akie, which stands for harmony. And when combined, these two letters literally mean "peace." And I think their wonderful joint work represents our alliance very nicely.
Under our alliance, Japan and the United States work hand-in-hand to contribute to regional and global peace.
For two days, President Trump and I spent many, many hours together, and had an in-depth discussion on various global challenges. And I'm particularly grateful for President Trump and Madam First Lady, who kindly spent their time with a former abductee and the family members of those who had been abducted by North Korea.
And it's been only one year since I first saw President Trump in New York City. And looking back the over the half-century history of Japan-U.S. alliance, we have never seen two leaders of Japan and the United States forging as close relationship as ours and as strong bond in ours in just one year.
Of course, I'm very proud of my relationship with President Trump, but we are not the only ones who have supported this invaluable friendship between Japan and the United States. And on this occasion, I would like to acknowledge tremendous efforts by leaders from various fields, including political, business, and cultural leaders who are here today.
In honor of such contribution to our invaluable friendship, I invited many distinguished guests who have been making every effort to deepen our friendship. And I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation and also ask for further support for the development of our bilateral relationship.
Last but not least, let me share with you my honest impression about President Trump's visit to Japan this time. As I said, this was the very first visit by President Trump and it was indeed a historic visit. And I do hope that you will enjoy your last night in Tokyo as you wish. And also, I sincerely hope that you will have a really successful trip to Asia this time, which started here in Japan.
So with that, I now would like to propose a toast wishing all the best to President Trump and Madam First Lady, and also wishing for the further development of the friendship between Japan and the United States.
(A toast is offered.) (Applause.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Prime Minister and Mrs. Abe, this has been a really wonderful two days. We have to spend more time together because I have enjoyed every minute of it, even though he's a very, very tough negotiator. And, Melania, a real friend of yours now is Mrs. Abe. And I know you enjoyed it with me. You enjoyed it in Florida and you enjoyed it here, and maybe even more so. But I want to thank you for the royal welcome.
And it was really a -- very much a working holiday, even on the golf course. So we can call it a couple of days off, but it wasn't. It was full work. Even as we played golf, all we did was talk about different things. (Laughter.) We better not go into it. But I have to tell you, we did, and we made a lot of progress on a lot of fronts.
I do want to congratulate Mr. Aoki. He was one of the great putters -- probably still is. They say you never lose your putting. When you're a great putter, you never lose your putting.
But I remember a specific tournament, believe it or not, because it was one of the best I ever saw. It was the greatest putting display that I ever saw. It was you and Jack Nicklaus. Was that the U.S. Open? The U.S. Open. And you would get up and sink a 30-footer. He'd get up and sink a 25-footer. And this went on for the whole back nine. And then, ultimately, Jack won by one stroke. I thought it was one of the greatest putting displays anybody has ever seen and there ever was. And I even know your putting stroke -- very flat.
And I spoke yesterday with the great Matsuyama, who is doing great, right? He's going to be a big star, and he's going to be great. I don't even know if he's with us tonight. I don't think he's with us tonight. But he does want to get together in New York, and we're going to get together. And even though I want to have a great interpreter, but he's rapidly learning the language.
But I will tell you that it's an honor to be with you because everyone in the world of golf talks about that one great afternoon. Just putt after putt, and it was really great. So congratulations. Great gentleman, great gentleman. (Applause.)
So my relationship with Shinzo got off to quite a rocky start because I never ran for office, and here I am. But I never ran, so I wasn't very experienced. And after I had won, everybody was calling me from all over the world. I never knew we had so many countries. (Laughter.)
So I was now President-elect. But I didn't know you were supposed to not see world leaders until after you were in office, which was January 20th. So you were just not supposed to because it was considered bad form. It was not a nice thing to do, and I understand that from the standpoint of the President whose place you were taking.
So you can only take so many calls from world leaders -- because, you know, everybody was calling. But Japan, you take. And some others -- we took Germany, we took Russia, we took China, we took -- we took your Prime Minister.
So it's November, and he said to me, "Congratulations on your victory, it was a great victory, I would like to see you. I would like to see you as soon as possible." And I said, "Anytime you want, just come on in, don't worry about it." But I was referring to after January 20th. (Laughter.) So I said, don't worry about it. Anytime you want, I look forward to seeing you. Just give us a call, no problem, anytime you want. And all of the sudden, I get a call from, actually, Japan press. And they said that our Prime Minister is going to New York to meet with the President-elect.
So the press is going crazy because the Prime Minister of Japan is coming to see me. I think it's absolutely fine, but I didn't really mean now. I meant some time in February, March, or April. Meaning, you have a very aggressive -- very, very aggressive, strong, tough Prime Minister. That's a good thing, by the way -- not a bad thing. (Laughter.)
So then the New York media started calling me, and I was getting all sorts of signals from Hope and Sarah, in a different position, and everybody. And they're going crazy. They're saying, "You cannot see him. It's so inappropriate. It looks bad." I say, "What's wrong?" They said, "It's a bad thing to see him. You have to wait until after, in all fairness, Barack Obama leaves office." And I said, "What do I do?" And they said, "Let's call."
So I called him, and he wasn’t there. He was on the airplane flying to New York. (Laughter.) And I said, "You know what? There's no way he's going to land and I'm not seeing him."
So I saw him, and it worked out just fine. Do you agree with that? (Laughter.) And he actually brought me the most beautiful golf club I've ever seen. It was a driver that's totally gold. Right? It's gold. (Laughter.) And I looked at it -- I said, "If I ever use this driver -- me -- to use that driver at a golf club, I will be laughed off every course I ever go onto." But it is the most beautiful weapon I've ever seen, so I thank you for that.
But we had a great meeting. It lasted forever. It was a very long meeting in Trump Tower. And for some reason, from that moment on, we had a really -- and developed a really great relationship. And here we are today and better than ever, and we're going to work together. And it's going to get more and more special, and we're going to work out problems of Japan and problems of the United States. And it's going to be something very, very special for both countries.
I just want to finish by saying that Melania and I today visited the palace. This is a beautiful, beautiful place. And we met two very beautiful people, the Imperial Majesties, the Emperor and the Empress, and spent a long time talking to them today. And there was a lot of love in that room for all of you people -- I can tell you -- from everyone from Japan. They love the people of Japan, they love this country dearly, and they have great, great respect for your Prime Minister. And they truly think that your Prime Minister did very, very well when he decided to marry -- or she decided to marry him, Mrs. Abe. But they have great, great respect -- I can tell you that.
And I just want to conclude by saying that our two great countries will have incredible friendship and incredible success for many centuries to come -- not years, not decades, but for many centuries to come.
And again, it's an honor to have you as my good friend, and I just want to thank you and Mrs. Abe. This is a very, very special two days. We will not forget, and we will be back soon. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.
(A toast is offered.) (Applause.)
END
7:55 P.M. JSTTokyo, Japan
2:58 P.M. JST
PRIME MINISTER ABE: (As interpreted.) Ladies and gentlemen, at the outset, may I begin by offering my condolence to the victims who lost their lives, as well as my sympathy to the people injured in the recent shooting incidents in Texas. I'd like to express my heartfelt solidarity to the people of the United States in this time of difficulty.
It was only one year ago -- November, last year -- that I met the President for the first time in the Trump Tower New York. Since then, I have had numerous opportunities to converse with the President on the margin of international meetings as well as countless talks on the phone. Indeed, how many hours of dialogue did we have? I believe that there has never been such close bonds intimately connecting the leaders of both nations as we do now in the history of Japan-U.S. alliance of more than half a century.
In particular, he received me with great hospitality last February on my visit to the U.S. at his villa in Florida. It became my unforgettable memory that we were able to discuss a variety of global issues over so many hours, quite frankly including several rounds of golf.
And it is my particular delight that this time I'm able to welcome my dear friend, President Trump, and Madam Melania Trump, to Japan. This first trip of President Trump to Asia is a historic visit in the current regional situation, which is ever more tense. And his first nation to visit on his tour is Japan. This made this historic significance even greater.
In this way, two of us were able to show to the rest of the world the unshakable Japan-U.S. alliance. Thank you, Donald.
For the last two days, I was able to have an in-depth discussion with Donald on a plethora of issues that the international community is faced with. In the discussion, overwhelming importance was occupied by the North Korean issue. We were in complete agreement as to the measures to be taken upon the analysis of the latest situation of North Korea giving a good amount of time.
Japan consistently supports the position of President Trump when he says that all options are on the table. Through the talks over two days, I once again strongly reaffirmed that Japan and U.S. are 100 percent together.
For more than 20-some years, the international community attempted dialogue with North Korea. At the time of framework agreement of 1994 and at the Six-Party Agreement of 2006, North Korea committed in abandoning their nuclear program. But each time, the promise was broken, which resulted in North Korea buying time for their nuclear and missile development while we were making efforts for dialogue.
There is no point in the dialogue for the sake of dialogue with North Korea. Now is the time not for dialogue but for applying maximum level of pressure on North Korea.
We completely agreed that, in order to make North Korea change their policy, Japan and U.S. must take leadership in closely collaborating with the international community so that we can enhance the pressure to the maximum level over North Korea through all possible means.
I agree with President Trump that we welcome China strengthening her pressure over North Korea, and it is incumbent upon China to play even greater roles to let North Korea relinquish their nuclear and missile development.
We reaffirmed once again the importance of further advancing trilateral cooperation among Japan, U.S., and the Republic of Korea -- a country President Trump will visit tomorrow.
Before this press conference, President and Mrs. Trump were good enough to meet with the members of the families of abductees. I would like to render my heartfelt gratitude for their listening so intently to what the family members had to tell them.
Until the day when all the families of the abductees embrace their loved ones in their own arms -- until that day, my mission is not complete. I'm sure that the families -- I have renewed my resolve to work in full force to seek the resolution of this issue. I have decided to take our own additional sanction measures in our effort to seek the solution of the nuclear missile and the most important abduction issues of North Korea.
Tomorrow, there will be a decision of freezing assets of 35 North Korean entities and individuals. Going forward, Japan and U.S. will continue to cooperation closely for the early resolution of the North Korean issue.
I also discussed bilateral economic issues with President Trump. We welcomed that in the second meeting of Japan-U.S. Economic Dialogue held last month between Deputy Prime Minister Aso and Vice President Pence. The importance of strengthening bilateral economic trade and investment relations was confirmed.
And we will go deeper into our dialogue. We agreed that we will continue our discussion in order to invigorate more the bilateral trade and investment, and enhance our cooperation in areas of law enforcement, energy, infrastructure, among others.
Japan and the U.S. are the two global economic leaders, occupying 30 percent of the global economy, sharing common values such as freedom and fairness. The significance of Japan-U.S. alliance is not limited on security front alone. In the economic field, it greatly contributes to the prosperity of the region and the world.
I, together with President Trump, shall work not only in the field of bilateral trade, but also lead in the high-standard rulemaking in trade and investment broadly in the Asia Pacific region. I am determined to see to it so that both Japan and U.S. strongly lead the regional and, eventually, the global economic growth by our cumulative efforts in creating fair and effective economic order in this region.
With the President, I discussed APEC and East Asia Summit meetings that we will going after this. Indo-Pacific region, covering the vast area of Asia Pacific through the Indian Ocean to the Middle East and Africa, is the growth center of the world, with more than half of the world population. The maintenance and enhancement of the maritime order that is free and open is critically important for the peace and prosperity of this region, and we concurred to strengthen our cooperation toward realizing free and open Indo-Pacific.
Under the unwavering Japan-U.S. alliance, I shall play a leadership role for the peace and prosperity of this region, hand -in-hand with President Trump. For the last two days, I had indeed very serious discussions with President Trump. I also had an opportunity to play golf with our top pro, Hideki Matsuyama, yesterday. Indeed the match was a neck-and-neck competition, in my opinion. What was the reality? I hope that Mr. Trump will give his evaluation.
The dinner where Mrs. Trump joined was in such a truly relaxed atmosphere that we almost forgot how time flew. I am greatly very much satisfied. I hope that they enjoyed the banquet later on, by all means.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much, President Trump. The floor is yours.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you. Thank you very much. Well, thank you very much, Shinzo. And this has been a truly enjoyable trip and one where we're accomplishing a lot.
And I agree with you that our relationship is extraordinary. And I agree with you also that there has never been such a close relationship between the leaders of two countries -- these two countries, Japan and the United States. So it's been great to be with you, and we'll be spending a lot of time with you over the years.
Melania and I are deeply grateful for the warm welcome we've received in your remarkable country. And that's what it is -- it is a remarkable country. This is a land of incredible history, culture, tradition, and spirit.
First, let me congratulate you on your great success in the recent elections. You won very big and very easily, and I'm not at all surprised. We both share in common, really, a deep loyalty to our citizens and a deep faith in the destiny of our people and also our people and our countries working together.
I also want to take a moment to continue sending our thoughts, prayers, and deepest condolences to the victims of the horrific assault on a church in a beautiful area -- so sad -- Sutherland Springs, Texas. Such a beautiful, wonderful area with incredible people. Who would ever think a thing like this could happen?
So I want to send my condolences, the condolences of our First Lady. In tragic times, Americans always pull together. We are always strongest when we are unified. To the wounded and the families of the victims, all of America is praying for you, supporting you, and grieving alongside of you.
Prime Minister, I want to thank you and the people of Japan for your friendship. We have so many great things that we can accomplish together, and we are in the process of accomplishing those things.
It was a thrill for my daughter, Ivanka, to be able to participate in the World Assembly for Women and promote women entrepreneurship. Side-by-side, our two nations are advancing polices to empower women and harness the full potential of our great economies.
You were the first foreign leader to visit me shortly after my election, and now it is my pleasure to join you in your homeland to further strengthen the historic ties between our two great nations.
As you know, this is my first visit to the Indo-Pacific region as President -- been here before -- but as President, this has been my first and it is my first. And I am thrilled that my first stop was with you, great friend.
We're going to other countries where I have also developed some great friendships, and we're going to work to straighten a lot of things out, including trade, including military problems. We have a lot of things to work on. But this is a real honor to be with you, Shinzo.
Japan is a very special place. The Japanese people are thriving, your cities are vibrant, and you've built one of the world’s most powerful economies. I don't know if it's as good as ours. I think not. Okay? And we're going to try and keep it that way, but you'll be second.
And yet, for all of its modern splendor, the people of Japan maintain a profound respect for their rich culture, heritage, and traditions. Honoring the past, even as you blaze new trails into the future -- very, very strongly looking into the future -- is Japan.
You demonstrate every day that the respect for history and heritage is the true foundation for progress. Our nations share an enduring bond. America and Japan face many challenges, many opportunities. There are many things we face, but we will be facing them together, in friendship and as allies.
Most importantly, we're working to counter the dangerous aggressions of the regime in North Korea. The regime-continued development of its unlawful weapons programs, including its illegal nuclear test and outrageous launches of ballistic missiles directly over Japanese territory, are a threat to the civilized world and international peace and stability.
We will not stand for that. The era of strategic patience is over. Some people said that my rhetoric is very strong, but look what's happened with very weak rhetoric over the last 25 years. Look where we are right now.
Prime Minister Abe has also shared with me the tragic stories of Japanese young people who North Korea has abducted over the years. Together, we met with the parents of Megumi Yokota who was abducted as a young girl in 1977. No child should ever be subjected to such cruelty. No parent should ever have to endure 40 years of heartbreak.
We also had a young wonderful man in our country, Otto Warmbier. We all know the story of Otto; it's a horrible story, a sad story. And we can't let that happen. Cannot let that happen.
The United States of America stands in solidarity with the people of Japan against the North Korean menace. History has proven over and over that strong and free nations will always prevail over tyrants who oppress their people.
Our powerful and enduring U.S.-Japan alliance includes more than 50,000 members of the United States military stationed right here in Japan. In addition to that, we have 33,000 stationed in South Korea. American and Japanese military personnel train together, work together, and will stand together to defend the security and sovereignty of both of our countries.
I want to thank the entire Japanese people for acting as such gracious hosts and strong partners for our men and women in the armed forces.
America is also committed to improving our economic relationship with Japan. As President of the United States, I am committed to achieving a fair, free, and reciprocal trading relationship. We seek equal and reliable access for American exports to Japan's markets in order to eliminate our chronic trade imbalances and deficits with Japan. We're working on that -- something we've all been working on very hard from the very beginning of our meetings.
As we continue to pursue closer economic ties, I believe it will create new and exciting opportunities to achieve greater prosperity in both of our nations and to advance new frontiers in science, medicine, and technology. The United States respects and honors Japan's heritage and admires your deep well of perseverance.
I appreciate very much your acknowledging and stating the fact that the United States economy has done so well since our election on November 8th. Close to 200 million jobs. The highest stock market in our history. So many different things are happening for the better, including the cutting of massive amounts of regulation, which is one of the reasons that the market is reacting the way it's reacting.
This mutual respect for culture and sovereignty will continue to bring our nations closer and closer together, and open up new avenues of cooperation and success.
Mr. Prime Minister, thank you again for inviting me today and for opening the arms of your majestic country to our American delegation, all of whom are right now in this room. I look forward to working side by side with you in friendship. We will have success like rarely seen between two countries -- Japan and the United States of America, two very, very special places.
Thank you for having us. Thank you very much.
Q (As interpreted.) (Inaudible) from NHK. This is a question to Mr. Abe. Prime Minister and President Trump have agreed on maximizing the pressure toward the relinquishing of nuclear development by North Korea. Mr. Trump is going to Korea and China, and then there is going to be an APEC Leaders meeting. So, Mr. Abe, what is your idea about the significance of this bilateral summit meeting?
On the other hand, North Korea is still fixing its attitude, not responding to the relinquishing of nuclear development. What is necessary in order to avoid any accidental military confrontation?
PRIME MINISTER ABE: (As interpreted.) While Japan-U.S. alliance being the foundation of the regional peace and prosperity, precisely when Japan-U.S. partners strongly, the peace of this region becomes unshakeable. From that perspective, I consider that this time we were able to reaffirm strong bonds and ties between Japan and the United States on this opportunity of the visit of President Trump. This was quite significant for the regional peace.
On the North Korean situation, between President Trump and myself, we confirmed that we are together 100 percent. We will enhance the pressure that the entire international community exercises over North Korea to the maximum extent by both Japan and the United States collaborating and working toward China and Russia.
No one likes conflicts. I don’t like it; Mr. Trump neither. But North Korea continues its provocation against the international community, so we need to collaborate in the international community so that they change their policy. We must exercise our pressure.
And from the North Korea, we will change our policy, so please come to talk to us. I think this is what is most important that we expect. And we have a complete agreement with President Trump. And together with many countries, I'm sure that we share in the same thinking.
Also, the free and open maritime order based upon the rule of law is a foundation of the stability and prosperity of the international community. This time around, as the first leg of his tour in Asia, President and I were able to reaffirm that both countries will make efforts looking toward the Indo-Pacific, which is free and open -- very significant. There will be APEC Leaders Meeting and EAS Summit Meeting. In these meetings, I'd like to take leadership in driving this kind of discussion.
So, free and open Indo-Pacific strategy -- if any country would agree with this strategy, with whatever country we can collaborate for the implementation of this strategy. So we will continue to have partnership between Japan and the United States so that we can contribute jointly to the peace and stability of the region.
MS. SANDERS: For the United States' first question, we'll go to Steve Holland, from Reuters.
Q Thank you, sir. In response to the Texas shooting, what policies would you support to reduce these violent actions? Is gun control the answer?
And secondly, you spoke yesterday about the warmth of the North Korean people. What's your message to their leader, Kim Jong-un, as you prepare to head to South Korea tomorrow?
And if I could ask the Prime Minister a question as well: Could you respond to what the President said this morning -- that trade is not free and reciprocal with the United States? Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, as far as the North Korean people are concerned, Steve, I think that these are great people. They're under a very repressive regime, and I really think that, ultimately -- I can tell you this -- that I hope it all works out. It would be better for everybody. Certainly would be better for North Korea, but it would be better for everybody. So we hope that's going to take place.
As far as your second question, which is really the first part of your question, I think that mental health is your problem here. This was a very -- based on preliminary reports -- very deranged individual. A lot of problems over a long period of time. We have a lot of mental health problems in our country, as do other countries.
But this isn't a guns situation. I mean, we could go into it, but it's a little bit soon to go into it. But, fortunately, somebody else had a gun that was shooting in the opposite direction, otherwise it would have been -- as bad it was, it would have been much worse.
But this is a mental health problem at the highest level. It's a very, very sad event. These are great people, and a very, very sad event. But that's the way I view it. Thank you.
PRIME MINISTER ABE: (As interpreted.) With President Trump, trade and economic matters -- bilateral issues -- we did discuss, on the economic matter, how U.S. and Japanese economies should be. There is dialogue going on between Mr. Aso and Mr. Pence. There were two meetings already.
So on the question of economy, together with President Trump, not only regarding bilateral trade, we would like to see the entire region of Asia Pacific -- high-standard rulemaking is something that we want to pursue. So with both countries in this region, we will make efforts to create an economic order which is fair and effective so that, regarding the both economies mutually, we would like to see the mutual development of both economies
So in the United States, already since the start of Trump administration, partly thanks to the Japanese investment, 17,000 jobs have been created in the United States. So all countries in the world, vis-à-vis the United States, they make investment. But Japanese investment ranks, in terms of job creation. So the economic relations between the two countries may develop further, thereby creating jobs, thereby growing the economy.
So in creating both countries' economies -- Aso-Pence Economic Dialogue Framework would be quite relevant, and we'd like to see good outcome from that dialogue.
We will go back to the Japanese press for questions. Yes, please.
Q I have a question to President Trump. You met with the family members of abductees and you met with Hitomi Soga, actual abductee. How can you comment on your meeting with them? To North Korea, is there a possibility of U.S. military action? Suppose that the U.S. decides to go on it, the abductees' rescue -- how do you think about it once the military action is to be imminent?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I think it's very sad. I look at what's happened, and it's a very, very sad thing. Who has ever heard of anything like this? Abducted by a hostile country for purposes of language, for purposes of -- could be any number of another reasons. We'll see what happens in terms of the ultimate conclusion.
But I did put it in my speech at the United Nations, and many people in Japan were really thrilled that I did because a lot of people thought that the folks we're talking about were forgotten about. Like I say, the "forgotten people" -- where they were, maybe they're forgotten people. But I can tell you, your great Prime Minister did not forget. He didn't forget at all.
So we'll work together and see if we can do something. Now the spotlight is on and perhaps we can have some very good luck, and perhaps the regime itself would send them back. I think it would be a tremendous signal if Kim Jong-un would send them back. If he would send them back, that would be the start of something -- I think, would be just something very special if they would do that.
But I spoke with people who were devastated, and they've been devastated for many years. They think they're alive, but they don't know. Probably makes it even tougher that way. But we'll see what happens. Thank you.
MS. SANDERS: Thank you. The second question from the United States -- Mark Landler, New York Times.
Q Thank you very much. My first question is to President Trump. Mr. President, you've spent the last two days reaffirming the U.S.-Japan alliance, and you've begun sketching out this vision of a free and open Indo-Pacific. But in two days, you're going to travel to China, a country that is neither free nor open. So my question is, how can the U.S. be a force for freedom and openness in this region without inevitably coming into conflict with China?
And then, to the Prime Minister. Mr. Prime Minister, the President has spoken on many occasions in the past about hoping to see the Japanese take a strong role in their own defense. He'd like to sell Japan military equipment, and there have been press reports that the President was disappointed that the Japanese didn't shoot the North Korean missile out of the sky -- the one that was shot over Hokkaido. I'm wondering, did this subject come up? And what message did you have for the President about the role you'd like to see Japan take in its defense?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you, Mark. I will say, if I could just take a piece of the Prime Minister's answer -- he will shoot them out of the sky when he completes the purchase of lots of additional military equipment from the United States. He will easily shoot them out of the sky, just like we shot something out of the sky the other day in Saudi Arabia, as you saw. And that was a very rapidly moving missile shot out of the sky. That was a needle in the sky, and it was hit immediately and exploded without damage.
So one of the things, I think, that's very important is that the Prime Minister of Japan is going to be purchasing massive amounts of military equipment, as he should. And we make the best military equipment, by far. He'll be purchasing it from the United States. Whether it's the F-35 fighter, which is the greatest in the world -- total stealth -- or whether it's missiles of many different kinds, it's a lot of jobs for us and a lot of safety for Japan and other countries that are likewise purchasing a lot of military equipment from us that, frankly, a year ago and two years ago were not.
As far as China is concerned, my relationship, as you know, with President Xi is also excellent. I like him a lot. I consider him a friend. He considers me a friend. With that being said, he represents China; I represent the United States. His views are different on things, but they're pretty similar on trade.
The problem we have with China is that for decades they've been -- you know, it's been a very unfair -- let me be very kind to previous administrations -- it's been a very unfair trade situation. Our trade deficit is massive. It's hundreds of billions of dollars a year, anywhere from $350 billion to $504 billion, and that doesn't include intellectual property. And we've already started discussions with China because it has to come down. It has to come down. And that has to do with, really, free trade, fair trade, or reciprocal trade.
And frankly, I like reciprocal the best of the group. Because when you explain to somebody that you're going to charge tariffs in order to equalize, or you're going to do other things -- some people that don't get it, they don't like to hear that. But when you say it's going to be reciprocal -- that we're going to charge the same as they're charging us -- the people that don't want a 5 percent or a 10 percent tariff say, oh, reciprocal is fair -- and that could be 100 percent. So it's much more, Mark, understandable when you talk about reciprocal.
And reciprocal trade is very important to me. We have many countries, not just China or Japan, or so many others that we see. I mean, we have one country that charges us 100 percent tax if we sell things into that country, and yet when they sell the same product into our country, we charge them nothing. Now, I've been against that for a long time, and you will be seeing, we do things about it
Now, it also takes a period of time to do that, because, as you know, you have statutory limitations in time. You have to put out notices. You have to wait 90 days before you can put out the next, and then you have to wait another 120 days, and then a 30-day. Now, much of this has already been caught and caught up. Some of it was unnecessary, statutorily.
But you will be seeing things of countries that have been treating the United States and the United States worker and companies -- because I view the companies not as a company, I view it as an extension of the worker -- but that have been treating our companies, our country, and our workers very unfairly.
You will be seeing that the United States will take very, very strong action. It's already started, but most of the legal foundation has now been done. And you're going to see a very big difference, and it's going to happen very soon. Because the United States, by many countries, has been treated very, very unfairly when it comes to trade.
Thank you very much.
PRIME MINISTER ABE: (As interpreted.) Regarding Japan defense equipment, a lot of them we purchase from the United States. The North Korean situation becoming very tough; the Asia Pacific security situation becoming very tough. We qualitatively and quantitatively, we have to enhance our defense capability. As the President mentioned, F-35A is a case in point. SM-3 Block IIA is another plan for purchase from the United States. Aegis vessels -- the quality and the quantity must be enhanced. In that process, we will be buying more from the United States. That is what I'm thinking.
Now, North Korea: North Korea launched missiles. Immediately after that, we traced them; we were able to grasp and trace where they were going. Missile defense is something which is based upon the cooperation between Japan and the United States. Missile defense system is a cooperation between the two countries for the intercepting and shooting down. If it is necessary, of course, we will do that -- if it is necessary. But in doing so, U.S. and Japan will closely coordinate our actions. Thank you.
Thank you very much. With this, we will end the joint press conference by the two leaders of Japan and the United States. Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen of the press.
END
3:35 P.M. JSTTokyo, Japan
2:34 P.M. JST
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much. We've just heard the very sad stories about family members -- daughters, wives, brothers, uncles, fathers. It's a very, very sad number of stories that we've heard. And they were abducted, in all cases, by North Korea. And we will work with Prime Minister Abe on trying to get them back to their loved ones.
In some cases, many years ago, they were taken. They were used to learn the language. They were used for many different reasons. But it's a tremendous disgrace. And I just met some really wonderful people who have gone through a lot.
So I will work with Prime Minister Abe. We'll work together very closely and see if we can bring them back to Japan, where they want to be. Thank you very much.
PRIME MINISTER ABE: (As interpreted.) President Trump, I would like to express my heartfelt appreciation for what you delivered -- this speech at the U.N. General Assembly. The speech by the American President on the occasion of the U.N. General Assembly is something that the entire world would pay attention to.
And in this special speech that you delivered, you specifically touched on the fate of Ms. Megumi Yokota, as well as the abductions issue. And I do appreciate that -- how you specifically refer to this issue.
And also I am grateful for you, that you are taking time out of your schedule to have this discussion with the family members, as well as one of the abductees who could come back from North Korea to Japan.
And my sincere hope is that, through this event, as well as the press conference, I would like to encourage the entire world to know the simple reality when it comes to the abductions issue. As long as 40 years, there are those who have been suffering because of the loss of their loved ones as well as the family members. And this is the suffering that has caused in the abductions issue.
So I renew my determination to do my utmost to realize a day when those of the family members could hold their daughters and sons and their family members with their actual arms. And also, I'd like to reiterate my commitment to working very closely with President Trump and other world leaders toward resolving this abductions issue.
So once again, Mr. President and Madam First Lady, thank you very much.
END
2:39 P.M. JSTTokyo, Japan
1:32 P.M. JST
PRIME MINISTER ABE: (As interpreted.) So, over lunch, we had an in-depth discussion to cover various challenges of the international community, including the issue of North Korea.
So to build on the discussion that we had over lunch, I very much look forward to continuing our discussion, namely on the global affairs as well as our economic issues, and also our bilateral issues.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much. It was indeed a good meeting, and mostly pertaining to trade, North Korea, and a couple of other subjects that we lightly touched on.
We're making tremendous progress, I believe, on trade in particular, bringing the deficits down and having a very fair and equal trade. And I look forward to finishing up the discussions.
A lot of great work and great friendships have been built, and they will continue to be built. Thank you very much. Thank you.
END
1:34 P.M. JSTFussa, Japan
11:08 A.M. HST
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I like this better. (Applause.) You can have my jacket. Right? Thank you. Thank you, honey. Thank you.
Oh, boy, that's something. This is a great group of people. Thank you very much, and General Martinez, everybody, for your devoted leadership of our brave troops right here in Japan, and especially thank you -- especially, especially -- to all of the incredible servicemembers.
We're really here today, we're going to have a good time, and we’re going to celebrate your achievements. So I'll issue one of your favorite commands. Are you ready? At ease! At ease! (Applause.) Just sit back. Now have a good time. (Laughter.) Just have a good time.
Melania and I also want to extend a special thanks to Ambassador Bill Hagerty, who's doing an outstanding job. He's an outstanding person. I know him very well. Believe me, you got one of the great ones. He's leading our American embassy in Tokyo.
I'm honored to be here today in this beautiful country, home of the extraordinary people of Japan. Japan is a treasured partner and crucial ally of the United States. And today we thank them for welcoming us and for decades of wonderful friendship between our two nations.
Americans have deep respect and admiration for the people of Japan -- their amazing culture, their strong spirit, and their very proud history.
So on behalf of the United States of America, I send the warmest wishes of the American people to the citizens of this remarkable country. (Applause.)
now I know how you guys feel. This is pretty good. (Laughter.)
travels across Asia will take us to many historic places to see many wonderful sights, and to speak before many audiences. But there is no single place I’d rather begin my trip than right here, with all of you -- the incredible men and women of the United States military -- and your amazing partners, the Japanese Self-Defense Forces. Thank you for being here. Thank you. (Applause.)
To everyone here today who serves your country in uniform: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We salute you -- (laughter) -- what's your rank? (Laughter.) We're going to raise it. (Applause.) We salute you, we honor you, and we stand proudly with the men and women who defend us and our way of life. Nations are built from the courage, love, and sacrifice of patriots just like you.
Each of you inherits the proud legacy of generations of warriors that have walked these very grounds for more than seven decades.
From Yokota’s runways, American pilots took to the air and drove back the invaders during the Korean War. Tremendous courage. Tremendous bravery. From here, they enforced a precious peace during a long and bitter Cold War. And in the aftermath of the devastating 2011 tsunami, this base served as the launching point for Operation Tomodachi -- the largest humanitarian relief effort in American history, which saved the lives of thousands and thousands of great Japanese citizens.
Like those who came before you, you always rise to the occasion, and you never, ever let your country down.
General Martinez, General Chiarotti, General Pasquarette, Rear Admiral Fenton, Brigadier General Winkler, Colonel Moss, and Chief Master Sergeant Greene: You lead the forces under your command with exceptional skill and devotion, and America is tremendously grateful to you. (Applause.)
We're also fortunate to stand alongside such strong and capable allies. General Maehera, General Asai, General Imaki, and General Ando: Thank you for your leadership and service. Thank you. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
On behalf of the American people, I want each and every one of you, both American and Japanese, to know that your service and commitment helps keep us all safe, strong, and free.
I also want to express our gratitude to the family members and loved ones who sacrifice so much to make your service possible. They are absolutely incredible people, and it's not easy. America is profoundly grateful for all you do.
And we are, back home, starting to do -- I will tell you, and you're reading and you're seeing -- really, really well. The stock market is at an all-time high. (Applause.) Unemployment, back in the United States, is at a 17-year low. (Applause.) Almost 2 million jobs have been added since a very, very special day; it's called Election Day, November 8th. Two million jobs. (Applause.) It's a lot of jobs.
And we've dealt ISIS one brutal defeat after another. And it's about time. (Applause.)
It's truly inspiring to see American airmen and Marines and -- (applause) -- you know, I have a great Marine here: General Kelly, four-star. Did anyone ever hear of General Kelly? Where's General Kelly? (Applause.) He is something. Now he's Chief of Staff. But he does like those four stars, I want to tell you that. (Laughter.)
But American airmen and the Marines and Japanese Self-Defense Forces that are standing here with us today, side-by-side, confident, committed, and more capable than ever. You instill confidence in the hearts of our allies, and you strike fear in the hearts of our enemies. It's the way it should be, isn't it? (Applause.)
Our alliance is a testament to the transformative power of freedom. Today, nations that once waged war now stand together as friends and partners in pursuit of a much better world. And we're getting there. We're getting there faster than you think.
With your presence here today, shoulder-to-shoulder, you put hope into every soul that yearns for peace. All of you have made Yokota one of the most capable operational bases in Japan and, actually, anywhere in the world. For over a decade, this incredible place has been home not only to American servicemembers, but also to the Air Defense Command of the Japanese Air Self-Defense Force. Today, this base serves as a critical center for coordination for American and Japanese commanders to plan their missions.
For almost 60 years, the military alliance we see on this base has endured -- a cornerstone of sovereignty, security, and prosperity for our nations, this region, and indeed the entire world. Today, we pay tribute to that legacy -- a legacy you protect and grow each and every day.
We dominate the sky, we dominate the sea, we dominate the land and space -- (applause) -- not merely because we have the best equipment, which we do -- and, by the way, a lot of it's coming in; you saw that budget. That's a lot different than in the past. A lot of beautiful, brand new equipment is coming in. And nobody makes it like they make it in the United States. Nobody. (Applause.) Got a lot of stuff coming. Use it well.
But because we have -- more important than equipment, we have the best people. Each of you embodies the warrior creed. Your devotion, prowess, and expertise make you the most fearsome fighting force in the history of our world.
Together with our allies, America’s warriors are prepared to defend our nation using the full range of our unmatched capabilities. No one -- no dictator, no regime, and no nation -- should underestimate, ever, American resolve. Every once in a while, in the past, they underestimated us. It was not pleasant for them, was it? (Applause.) It was not pleasant.
We will never yield, never waver, and never falter in defense of our people, our freedom, and our great American flag. (Applause.) That flag stands for the values of our Republic, the history of our people, the sacrifice of our heroes, and our loyalty to the nation we love.
As long as I am President, the servicemen and women who defend our nation will have the equipment, the resources, and the funding they need to secure our homeland, to respond to our enemies quickly and decisively, and, when necessary, to fight, to overpower, and to always, always, always win. Right? (Applause.) This is the heritage of the American Armed Forces -- the greatest force for peace and justice the world has ever known.
Free nations must be strong nations, and we welcome it when our allies -- from Europe to Asia -- renew their commitment to peace through strength. We seek peace and stability for the nations of the world, including those right here in this region. And it's a great region.
As Americans celebrate Veterans Day this month, we honor all who have sacrificed to make peace and stability possible. We pay tribute to every proud American who has worn the uniform and served our country.
Today, many nations of the Indo-Pacific are thriving because of the sacrifices made by American servicemembers and our allies, and because of the sacrifices all of you continue to make each and every day.
Here in Japan, we have seen the amazing things that are possible when a people are free and independent. Over the course of a single lifetime, the Japanese people have built one of the most successful societies and nations in the world.
Over the next 10 days, we travel to South Korea, China, Vietnam, and the Philippines. We will seek new opportunities for cooperation and commerce, and we will partner with friends and allies to pursue a free and open Indo-Pacific Region. We will seek free, fair, and reciprocal trade.
But this future is only within our grasp because of you. You make it possible for peace-loving nations to thrive and for peace-loving people to prosper.
You are the reason the great American flag will proudly stand behind me wherever I go. And every time I look at that flag, I will think of brave men and women like you, and I will think of all the American patriots, down through the generations, who poured out their blood, sweat, tears, hopes, and dreams to defend our country.
When you follow your citizens and people across the Indo-Pacific region -- see the flags of free and sovereign states, like the United States and Japan, displayed during our diplomatic meetings over the next 10 days, be proud of your nation, be proud of your service, and be proud of the security you provide that makes it all possible.
Like your predecessors, you -- our brave warriors -- are the last bulwark against threats to the dreams of people in America and Japan, and all across the world.
You are the greatest hope for people who desire to live in freedom and harmony, and you are the greatest threat to tyrants and dictators who seek to prey on the innocent.
History has proven over and over that the road of the tyrant is a steady march toward poverty, suffering, and servitude. But the path of strong nations and free people, certain of their values and confident in their futures, is a proven path toward prosperity and peace. We cherish our cultures, we embrace our values, and we always fight for what we believe in.
Because of you, the people of America, the people of Japan, and the freedom-loving people everywhere are able to fulfill their destinies and follow their dreams. And we are grateful for your families, for their sacrifice and support that allows our brave men and women to serve. We also appreciate the sacrifice of dedicated civilians who keep this base going and take care of our military and their precious loved ones.
We are eternally grateful for your service and for your sacrifice. And we are forever in your debt.
I am so proud to be here with you today. We face many challenges and many opportunities, and we will face all of them together as a team. And if we do, I am certain that the future for America, for Japan, and for our cherished allies has never, ever looked brighter. Because of patriots like you, freedom will prevail.
Thank you. God bless you. God bless the Armed Forces. And God bless the United States of America. Thank you. Thank you all. (Applause.) Thank you.
END
11:26 A.M. HST1:56 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much. I'd like to thank the Republican members of the House Ways and Means Committee who are here today to discuss the incredible plan to cut taxes. Now, it's reform and it's lots of other things, but we're cutting taxes. It'll be the biggest tax cut in our history.
There's nothing more important to our economy. We see what's happening with our economy and how well it's doing. This is going to really bring it to the next level.
Before we begin, I want to make a very brief announcement. I had an excellent meeting today with Chairman Grassley and other lawmakers on immigration reform following the terrorist attack in New York. I'm calling on Congress to immediately terminate the diversity visa lottery program. It's a disaster for our country.
This program grants visas not on a basis of merit, but simply because applicants are randomly selected in an annual lottery. And the people put in that lottery are not that country's finest. We know that the program presents significant vulnerabilities to our national security. It's a very unsafe program for our country, and we're not going to allow it to happen, and end that program. So I think Congress will take that up very quickly.
Additionally, Congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is security-based, not the way it is now. And we want a system, ultimately, that's merit-based so we can bring in people that will help our country, grow our country, and be safe for our country. We want to select people based on their ability to contribute to our country, not choose people randomly -- we have no idea who they are -- or based on extended family connections. You have people bringing in 24, 25, 26 people when they come in. We have to end chain migration.
With that being said, this is a big tax cut day, and I want to thank some of the people. Naturally, Paul, great press conference you just had -- fantastic job.
SPEAKER RYAN: Thank you, appreciate it.
THE PRESIDENT: Paul Ryan has really led an effort and he had some awfully good help. He said, "Do you mind calling Diane Black?" I called Diane Black, and you came through, Diane. (Laughter.) Although let's wait about a month and a half -- (laughter) or less. It could be less.
And Peter -- where's Peter? I saw you on television. Peter, you were fantastic today, and we appreciate it very much. I know how hard you work.
Kevin McCarthy -- we just did one where Broadcom is moving back to the United States -- into the United States -- one of the top companies; it's a Fortune 100 company. And we just had a news conference with Kevin McCarthy and -- hello, Kevin.
MAJORITY LEADER MCCARTHY: Hello.
THE PRESIDENT: It's been a long time.
MAJORITY LEADER MCCARTHY: I know. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: But, Kevin, you were -- really have been fantastic. And a man named Kevin Brady -- boy oh boy.
CHAIRMAN BRADY: Thank you, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: He doesn't stop. He doesn't stop. And there's nobody like him, and we really appreciate it, I have to tell you.
But it's really a great team. We have a great team. And it's a team that loves what they're doing, they love the American people, they love this country, and they're going to get it done. It's tax cuts, it's tax reform, and we added the word "jobs" because it's all about jobs. We're going to have tremendous numbers of jobs pouring in.
So in a few days I'll be traveling to Asia to advance America's economic and national security priorities. I will miss you folks. (Laughter.) I will miss everyone at this table. (Laughter.) I'll be back in 11 days, but I know things will go well because there really is -- there's a great spirit, there's a great popularity for what we're doing in this country. They want it, they need it, they have to have it. So it's been terrific.
But I'm counting on all of you to help maintain a momentum on the tax cuts and tax reform during that time. I have no doubt you'll be able to do it.
While I'm in Asia, members of the Cabinet will be traveling around the country talking directly to taxpayers and focusing on the regional media, which I actually find to be a very, very honorable media. We do very nicely with the regional -- I love regional media -- these folks. (Laughter.)
Of course, Secretary Mnuchin, Director Cohn, and my entire economic team will remain totally focused on tax reform and will continue to work closely with all of you. And I think for all, they've been working extremely closely. The relationship, Kevin, has been terrific.
CHAIRMAN BRADY: Absolutely.
THE PRESIDENT: We'll be with you all the way, 100 percent.
want to also have a bill on my desk, hopefully, Kevin, by Thanksgiving. If that's possible. And I want everybody in this room standing by my me, and we'll add some others, as we sign.
thank you, again, for the incredible job you've all done. Some of the tax cuts and simplification work that we're going to be doing for families, they include a doubling of the standard deduction, so more income is taxed at the zero rate. The first $24,000 for a married couple and $12,000 for singles, will be completely income or tax free.
So, that's something. That's a tremendous thing right there. So, we're going to be having a big zero in front of a lot of people who are working very hard and they can't make ends meet.
We're going to reduce income tax rates for individuals, increase the child tax credit, and extend it to more middle-income families -- a far larger group; repeal the alternative minimum tax; end the estate tax, or the death tax as it's commonly called; retain tax incentives for mortgages, charitable contributions, work, higher education, retirements. We have a lot things that are the important generators in our economy.
Most Americans will be able to file taxes on a single sheet of paper. What do you think about that, Kevin? You still there, or is it going to be a paper and a half?
CHAIRMAN BRADY: -- start with (inaudible).
President is given a document.)
THE PRESIDENT: Oh. (Laughter.) Great job. Thank you. I didn't know I was going to be given a prop. (Laughter.)
CHAIRMAN BRADY: Sorry about that. Sorry, Mr. President. It's yours, it's yours. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. But we think we're going to be able to do that. And if we have it the way it is now, as of this moment, that's what we're going to be having.
CHAIRMAN BRADY: Yes, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: It's going to make life very simple. The only people that aren't going to like this is H&R Block, they're not going to be very happy. That's probably one of the only companies in the country that's not going to be thrilled.
We're going to make America globally competitive, again. Our corporate tax rate is 60 percent higher than our average competition. We'll slash the corporate rate from 35 percent to no more than 20 percent. That's truly one of the big things in the bill. What that's going to do is create tremendous success for companies and jobs. It's about jobs.
five years, expense the full cost of new equipment in the year you buy it. Something that, personally, I've never heard about in terms of when I was a businessman. In fact, that's a great incentive for everybody to want to be business people. I think that's going to be one of the great -- you know when people talk about the different elements, Paul, that's -- they don’t' talk about that. That's going to be one of the great sleepers in this bill -- expense in one year.
We're going to move from a worldwide system to a territorial system -- tremendous change. In 2016, American multinational companies kept 71 percent of their foreign-earned profits overseas. We're imposing a one-time low tax to bring back all of that corporate money.
Now, we think it's probably in the neighborhood of $4 trillion will be brought back into our economy, into our country. And that'll produce tremendous growth, and jobs, and lots of other things.
The Council of Economic Advisers estimates that the corporate tax reforms would increase average household income by $4,000. We're reducing tax rates for S corporations, partnerships and sole proprietors, which really affects a large percentage of our people and our taxpayers.
the growth rate of real GDP increases by just 1 percent, we're talking about $2.5 trillion and millions of jobs. So if we go up to 4, as an example, we're talking about $2.5 trillion. And I personally think we can go higher. Last quarter we did 3, and that took off, I think you can figure, at least a point for hurricanes. We had five hurricanes, essentially. And we actually hit the 3 number. The quarter before we hit 3.2. When we started we were at 1 -- a little bit more than 1. And now we're at 3, 3.2, and I think we would have hit 4. People are predicting 4 for next quarter. We'll see, but I've always said that it could be quite a bit higher than that.
A lot of that is rules, regulations. In the history of our country, no President, during their entire term, has cut more regulations than we've cut. We've cut that in 10 months, and we have a lot more to do. We have some statutory requirements we have to give notice. And you know what this is, Diane. You give a 30-day, then a 90-day, you have 120-day notice, and then you can start thinking about it. Well, we've given those notices, and we have a lot of cutting left. But we've probably cut out about 48 percent, and we're going to be quite a bit higher than that. And it's one of the reasons that we're doing as well as we're doing.
The stock market has hit a new high close to 60 times during the course of this presidency, this administration, this group of people sitting around this table. We're close to 60. And that's something that's very special, and I haven't looked today, but perhaps we'll make it an extra one because I hear we're doing very well today.
But a lot of that is having to do with optimism. There's tremendous optimism. The highest they've had -- business and manufacturing optimism is the highest it's been since the chart.
So I think what's going to happen is the one element that's missing is taxes. We're one of the highest-taxed countries in the world. And we're going to get really down to be one of the lower taxed. We won't be the lowest, but we'll get that maybe the next time. But we're going to be one of the lowest taxed, and we will be competitive again with the rest of the world.
You look at China, they're at 15 percent. You look at some countries, they're quite a bit lower than that. But at 20 percent, we're very, very competitive with the rest of the world. And so we're going to be -- you're going to see numbers and you're going to see growth, and you're going to see jobs, and you're going to see, really, wages going up. And something we're seeing now is, for the first time in a long time, wages are starting to rise for people. In some cases, they’ve been 18 to 21 years without a real salary increase or a wage increase.
So a lot of good things are happening, but this is the final element -- tax cuts and tax reform. And it's an honor to work with my fellow Republicans. I think we're going to actually have some Democrat support. I think it's going to be very, very hard for them not to support it.
There was a certain newspaper that wrote today that your competition was out there trying to say, "It's for the rich, it's for the rich," which they, of course, say repeatedly. It turned out that they weren't telling the truth, and the paper actually called them on it, which was shocking to me. Shocking. (Laughter.) They were called -- they said they're not telling the truth because this is a middle-income tax reduction, and it's a very big one. It will be the biggest tax reduction in the history of our country.
Thank you very much everybody. Appreciate it. Thank you.
END
2:10 P.M. EDT12:20 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Well, this is a big day. We have Federal Reserve coming up in a little while, as you know. We just had a big meeting on DACA with some of the senators, and we have great things to say about that. You'll be hearing about that very soon.
And the big thing, of course, is tax cuts and jobs. And that's happening very rapidly, and it's been met with, really, a great response.
But I want to thank everybody for this great day, and it's a great day for the American worker in particular.
Over the past 10 months, we've witnessed something remarkable happening to our country. Have you all noticed? (Laughter.) There's a lot of change. A lot of difference. Right, Kevin? Would you say?
We're just hitting another record right now on the stock market. We've hit, I guess, closed to 60 records on the stock market since November the 8th, that very big day.
The stock market is at an all-time high. Unemployment is at its lowest level in almost 17 years. We now have had two straight quarters of 3 percent or more economic growth. For those of you that don’t understand that, this is a tremendous increase over where it was, and we're going higher. Jobs have been offshored to so many countries that were now coming back, and now those jobs and those companies are coming back to our great American home.
I want to thank the Majority Leader, Kevin McCarthy, for joining us this afternoon. He has been so terrific in so many ways. And I will tell you, he's working very hard on tax cuts; in fact, so hard that I'm surprised to see you here. This must be truly a great company -- which it is, and you'll be hearing in two seconds. You're going to be here because you've been pretty busy today.
MAJORITY LEADER MCCARTHY: I just left the press conference.
THE PRESIDENT: You did. And that was a good press conference too.
We're thrilled to welcome Broadcom Limited and its CEO, Hock Tan, to the White House to announce that Broadcom Limited is moving its headquarters from Singapore back to the United States. So I want to thank you very much. That's really something great. I appreciate it.
Broadcom Limited is a 100 -- Fortune 100 company -- one of the really great, great companies. They manufacture technology and parts. They employ over 7,500 American workers in many states across our country. And we're looking forward to seeing that number grow very substantially, which it's now anticipated to do. Their move back to the United States and to the United States is something very, very special and very important. And you've been seeing this happen with numerous companies and, at a minimum, expansions and sometimes plants.
With this commitment, more than $20 billion in annual revenue will come back to our cities, towns, and the American workers.
Today, we're joined by some of the incredible men and women from their manufacturing plant in the great state of Pennsylvania. That's a state I like very much -- you know that. (Laughter.) Right? I love Pennsylvania. I went to school in Pennsylvania.
You're skilled at your craft, you take pride in your job, and because of you, our nation’s trademark, “Made in the USA," is respected all over the world once again. And we're telling people "Made in the USA" -- it's a big deal now -- we're bringing it back. When I was growing up, when I was a young boy, you'd say, "Made in the USA," and that mean something. Well, it means something again.
My administration is working every day to make the United States the most attractive place in the world to do business so that more and more companies like Broadcom come back to our shores, grow their businesses, and create more and more American jobs. And you see it happening on a daily basis.
That's why I've already slashed more unnecessary job-killing regulations than any President in history. That includes their entire term, and I’ve only been here for about 10 months. And we're not finished yet, believe me. We're not even close.
And that's why we're working to give the American people a giant tax cut for Christmas. We are giving them a big beautiful Christmas present in the form of a tremendous tax cut. It will be the biggest cut in the history of our country. It will also be tax reform, and it will create jobs.
Today, the House Ways and Means Committee unveiled a historic tax reform bill that will create tremendous prosperity for our nation. We will provide a massive tax cut for American families. We will make the tax code simpler and fair. It’s called simplification.
We will restore our competitive edge by reducing business taxes for the first time in more than 30 years, and we will bring back trillions and trillions of dollars that's now parked overseas so that money can be put to work rebuilding the United States of America, as opposed to rebuilding other parts of the world.
Again, I want to thank Broadcom CEO Hock Tan for joining us today. He’s a highly, highly respected man, a great, great executive. The job he’s done is an incredible job. But what he’s doing is committing to massive amounts of American jobs.
When Hock told me about this move, he said, Mr. President, we want to be an American company. We're hearing that all of these days. We're hearing it more and more. We're hearing it -- frankly, I’m hearing it every single day. People are coming in at levels that you will be seeing over the next short period of time. You're seeing it in so many ways. You're seeing it when you just look at what’s happening with the stock market. And you look at the enthusiasm indexes, which are the highest they've ever been. The business enthusiasm in this country is at record levels.
And we're hearing it from -- everything from tax reform, which is really spearheading it. And yet I think it’s really a feeling for our country that people haven’t had in a long time. They see what’s going on with regulation. They see the tax move -- and that's going to happen. And I really believe we’ll have it done before Christmas. I consider that to be one of the great Christmas presents. And not just the reform, and not just the tax cuts, but we will be creating jobs like you have rarely seen in this country.
So we never get tired of that pledge because we never tire of returning wealth to our country, jobs to our citizens, and honor to our great American workers.
I honor our workers. These are incredible people. They've worked hard. You go back 20 years, and essentially they haven't had that salary increase that they should have had. But now you see it, wages are starting to rise. So we're very proud of our country.
And, Hock, I'd like to have you say a few words. And again, on behalf of not only the folks from Pennsylvania behind me, but all of the United States, I want to thank you very much for choosing us. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you, Hock.
MR. TAN: Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you for having us here. It's truly and honor -- a rare honor. And before I launch into something else, let me say, my mother could never have imagined that one day her son will be here in the Oval Office, in the White House, standing beside the President of the United States. Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: And my mother too. (Laughter.)
MR. TAN: You see, back in 1971, I was just an 18-year-old skinny kid, growing up in Malaysia, but who had just gotten --who had just received an opportunity to enroll in the best engineering school in America -- in fact, in the world -- MIT. And my parents could not have afforded to send me to college, much less MIT.
So it's rather amazing -- it's really amazing to me, even today, that this great American educational institution took a chance on me, sight unseen, and gave me a scholarship to pursue the American Dream.
So my appearance here today, in large part, has been inspired by my desire to give back to this country which I have received so much from.
I run Broadcom today, and Broadcom is the embodiment of the legacy of innovation of three great American technology leaders: Bell Labs, Hewlett Packard, and more recently, Broadcom Corporation.
But in eras past, when the conditions in this country made it harder for companies to compete in global markets, the intellectual property of these leading companies globalized and moved offshore.
But I am American, as are nearly all my direct managers, my board members, and over 90 percent of my shareholders. So today, we are announcing that we are making America home again. (Applause.) Thank you.
Our commitment to re-domicile into the United States is a huge reaffirmation to our shareholders, to the 7,500 employees we have across 24 states in America today, that America is once again the best place to lead a business with a global footprint.
Thanks to you, Mr. President, business conditions have steadily improved. The proposed tax reform package will level the global playing field and allow us to compete effectively in worldwide markets. Our move to domicile into the U.S. will bring in $20 billion of annual revenues into this country.
From this space here in the United States, each year we will invest over $3 billion a year in research and engineering, and another $6 billion a year in manufacturing, creating high-paying tech jobs similar to the ones held today by my coworkers behind me who have made the trip down from Pennsylvania to be with us here today.
So again, thank you, Mr. President. I look forward to working to achieve the American Dream for everyone. Thank you. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, everybody.
Q Will you sign the Republican tax bill as it is written now?
Q Why is it a great bill?
THE PRESIDENT: It's a great bill. It's going to be very special, you'll see. We'll be talking about it a little bit later, and I'll see you in a little bit to announce the new head of the Federal Reserve.
Thank you. See you in a little bit. Thank you.
END
12:33 P.M. EDT11:57 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Today we mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in New York City, just blocks away from the site of the World Trade Center. A man drove a truck into a pedestrian bike path and murdered eight people, and injured very, very seriously at least 11 more.
All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost their precious loved ones. Horrible act. Our hearts break for them and we pledge to renew our resolve in their memory.
My administration is coordinating closely between federal and local officials to investigate the attack and to further investigate this animal who did the attacking. And updates will be provided as available.
I am today starting the process of terminating the diversary lottery program. I'm going to ask Congress to immediately initiate work to get rid of this program. Diversary and diversity lottery. Diversity lottery. Sounds nice. It's not nice. It's not good. It hasn't been good. We've been against it. So we want to immediately work with Congress on the Diversity Lottery Program, on terminating it, getting rid of it.
We want a merit-based program where people come into our country based on merit. And we want to get rid of chain migration. This man that came in -- or whatever you want to call him -- brought in, with him, other people. And he was a point -- he was the point of contact -- the primary point of contact for -- and this is preliminarily -- 23 people that came in, or potentially came in with him. And that's not acceptable. So we want to get rid of chain migration, and we've wanted to do that for a long time. And I've been wanting to do it for a long time. And we'll be asking Congress to start working on it immediately.
There are bills already about ending chain migration and we have a lot of good bills in there. We're being stopped by Democrats because they're obstructionists. And, honestly, they don't want to do what's right for our country. We need strength. We need resolve. We have to stop it. So we're going to get rid of this lottery program as soon as possible. He came in through the Diversity Program, as you know, and we're going to stop that.
We're going to as quickly as possible get rid of chain migration and go to a merit-based system. Terrorists are constantly seeking to strike our nation, and it will require the unflinching devotion to our law enforcement, homeland security, and intelligence professionals to keep America safe. We will take all necessary steps to protect our people and our communities, and to protect our nation as a whole.
We have to get much tougher. We have to get much smarter. And we have to get much less politically correct. We're so politically correct that we're afraid to do anything. And that's not only our country, that's other countries too that are having very similar problems. And we have to get tough, we have to get smart, we have to do what's right to protect our citizens. We will never waver in the defense of our beloved country -- ever. And we'll never, ever forget the beautiful lives that have been taken from us.
That was a horrible event, and we have to stop it, and we have to stop it cold. We also have to come up with punishment that's far quicker and far greater than the punishment these animals are getting right now. They'll go through court for years. And at the end, they'll be -- who knows what happens.
We need quick justice and we need strong justice -- much quicker and much stronger than we have right now. Because what we have right now is a joke and it's a laughingstock. And no wonder so much of this stuff takes place. And I think I can speak for plenty of other countries, too, that are in the same situation.
So with that being said, we will be starting our Cabinet meeting today. It will be a discussion that will focus on vital issues of tax cuts and tax reform. It will be the largest tax cuts in the history of our country, by far. The House is doing very well. They've taken an extra few hours, which will go in tomorrow -- into tomorrow. And they'll be announcing, and I'll probably be standing with them -- we leave, as you know for Asia; we're leaving on Friday morning. So I'll be standing with them. Sometime tomorrow, we'll be announcing massive tax cuts and reform. Not just tax cuts -- it's tax cuts, which to me is the most important -- but it will be tax cuts and reform.
We've now had two straight quarters of 3 percent or more economic growth, GDP. But our economy and our country cannot take off the way it really should, so it's really, really competitive with the rest of the world unless we get the kind of tax cuts for our companies and our middle class, our workers -- unless we get the jobs we need. It can't really take off until we get the tax cuts and reform passed.
This week, the House Ways and Means Committee will unveil a historic tax plan that will create new jobs, higher wages -- which hasn’t happen in many years and now it's starting to happen, I'm happy to tell you. Many, many years -- people making less money today than they made 20 years today. You've heard it many times before. But it will lead to tremendous prosperity for American families, communities, and also for our job-producing businesses.
At the center of our plan are tax cuts for the working Americans. We will reduce tax rates, increase the amount of income that is taxed at zero, and increase the child tax credit, which is very important to families.
We'll make the tax cuts simple and fair so that the vast majority of Americans can file their taxes on a single sheet of paper. We will be simplifying -- it will be called simplification -- our tax code.
We will restore America's competitive edge by lowering taxes on America's businesses for the first time in more than 30 years, and it will be a historic cut. Right now, other countries are so far below us. And then when you wonder, you see all these companies leaving, one after the other -- they leave -- that's not going to be happening. And I must tell you, I've stopped it even before this. But we're going to be stopping it in full. People are coming back.
We'll be announcing very shortly, possibly right after I get back, a major company that's moving back into the United States. It's going to be a major name. People are going to be very surprised. Especially the country from which they're leaving will be surprised.
Under our plan, we'll go from being one of the highest-taxed nations in the world to one of the lowest, meaning more jobs, more factories, more plants, more opportunities, right here in America, where we want them.
We will reduce taxes for businesses of all sizes. I must add that we're also negotiating right now -- I have my full team here -- tremendously different trade deals. Our trade deals are horrible. They were made by people that, honestly, it's sad. It's very sad for our country. Every trade deal we have is disastrous. We're renegotiating our trade deals.
And if we have support from Congress, we'll make trade deals that are horror shows into very good and respectable trade deals, and trade deals that are good for both countries and, in fact, many countries. But very important is that we renegotiate our trade deals.
With Mexico, as an example, we have a trade deficit of $71 billion -- that's NAFTA. We have trade deficits with China that are through the roof. They're so big and so bad that it's embarrassing saying what the number is. But you know what the number is. And I don't want to embarrass anybody four days before I land in China, but it's horrible.
And you look all over the world, no matter where we do trade, we have bad trade deals. We're renegotiating those deals, as I said I would during the campaign. And that's going to be a big factor in our growth.
Finally, our plan will bring back trillions of dollars from offshore -- trillions. We have, in my estimation, $4 trillion that will come pouring back into our country that will be put to work and will be spent by our companies that could never get the money back for many years.
And interestingly, it's something that Republicans and Democrats have agreed on for years -- bring the money back. What's not to agree? Bring the money back. And they couldn't get it done because there was a lack of leadership; they couldn't get it done. They all agreed it should be done; they couldn't get it done. So we will be bringing that money back. We're rebuilding America.
I'll be announcing tomorrow the new head of the Federal Reserve. That will take place sometime tomorrow afternoon. You'll be notified as to the time. I think you'll be extremely impressed by this person.
As part of our push to renew our prosperity, I'll also be making a very historic trip on Friday, as I said. Our visit will take us to Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam, the Philippines. You remember the Philippines -- the last trip made by a President that turned out to be not so good. Never quite got to land. And we will host leaders with world leaders across the Indo-Pacific region.
I look forward to it. We're going to meet a lot of presidents and leaders of countries that have been friends and have become very good friends of mine. And we have great trade relationships, other than the fact that we are right now being taken advantage of, but I think they'll start changing them pretty quickly.
Key administration officials, including Secretary Mnuchin and Gary Cohn will be staying back from the trip to Asia to remain vigilant in making sure the tax cuts pass. So if I have any problems, I will be blaming Mnuchin and Cohn. (Laughter.) Believe me, you'll be hearing from it. (Laughter.) But I think they're going to do very well. We are doing very well.
In the Houses, I must tell you, they've been working really hard, and they're coming up with a great plan. And the Senate is coming up with a great plan. And they're going to be put together and something is going to come out of that that will be, I think, really, really something very special.
Again, we're doing Senate, we're doing the House, it's put together, and then we have our beautiful new tax cuts and reform. And I think it will be very special.
I'm also counting on our great Vice President, Mike Pence, and the rest of my Cabinet to continue to push forward the tax cuts and the reform while I'm away. And they're going to be all over the country. They'll be all over the country working on it. But specifically, they'll be working on the members of the House, members of the Senate.
We think we'll actually get some Democrats to join us in the Senate because, frankly, I actually think they'll lose their elections in those communities and those states because the people of those states and the people of all states need tax cuts. Again, we're the highest-taxed nation, just about, in the world. We need tax cuts.
So with that, we will start our Cabinet meeting. We have a wonderful group of people. We have a great Cabinet. They're doing an incredible job. I don't think, actually, they've been given the credit that they deserve. But that doesn't matter quite yet. We'll let you know when it's time to tell you about it. (Laughter.)
But we have done -- at the border, we've done a fantastic job. We've done great with the military. ISIS is being decimated. They're being decimated. But they've quickly moved to other places in the world, like Africa and others, and we're there to meet them. This has never happened. We have done more to annihilate ISIS than eight years of the previous administration. So we are doing a real job. We're actually making tremendous strides in Afghanistan also. And I think you see what's happening. You see what's happening.
So we've done a largely -- really, a job that's been very, very well respected by many.
One of the things that has happened that nobody is paying attention to, but you're going to see it this week, are judges -- federal judges. Not only Justice Gorsuch, who’s doing fantastically on the Supreme Court, but we have many judges that are being approved at the district level -- federal district judges and court of appeals judges. We'll have -- at this moment we'll be up to, fairly soon, the approval of 145 federal judges, district; and court of appeals, about 17 at this moment.
So we will have -- a big percentage of the court will be changed by this administration over a very short period of time. I don't believe, other than perhaps when they started the whole process -- I don't believe anybody has come close. So we'll have 145 -- and that number will be increasing with time -- 145 district court judges, and we'll have 17 court of appeals judges.
And I must tell you, the Wall Street Journal gave us great reviews on that, really fantastic reviews. But I think it's a very important element that should be pointed out because a lot of people don't know it.
So again, tomorrow is a big announcement, and we'll have another announcement having to do with the tax cuts. That will be out tomorrow pretty early.
And I appreciate it, and I will see many of you on the trip to Asia. Thank you very much.
Q Mr. President, do you want the assailant from New York sent to Gitmo?
THE PRESIDENT: I would certainly consider that, yes.
Q Are you considering that now, sir?
THE PRESIDENT: I would certainly consider that. Send him to Gitmo -- I would certainly consider that, yes.
Q And how did the diversity program fit into his plot, do you believe, sir?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, they say he came in through that program, so we'll see. We're looking at it. But they say he came in. I don’t want -- I want -- look, it's very simple. What we are demanding is merit-based immigration. We want people that are going to help our country. We want people that are going to keep our country safe.
We don't want lotteries where the wrong people are in the lotteries. And guess what? Who are the suckers that get those people? And we want a merit-based system, and we do not want chain migration where somebody like him ultimately will be allowed to bring in many, many members of his family. And we don't want that.
Thank you all very much.
Q Mr. President, do you believe any members of his family represent a threat? Do you believe any members of his family represent a threat to the country, sir?
THE PRESIDENT: They could.
Q They could?
THE PRESIDENT: They could. They certainly could.
Q Do you have intelligence to that effect, sir?
THE PRESIDENT: He did. He did. They certainly could represent a threat.
Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.
Q Mr. President, have you decided not to reappoint Janet Yellen?
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. I think Janet Yellen is excellent. I think she's excellent.
Q Is she your choice?
THE PRESIDENT: I didn't say that. I think she's excellent. Go ahead. Thank you very much.
END
12:17 P.M. EDT11:41 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much for being here, for the incredible work you're doing to help us pass the really historic tax cuts. There's never been anything like this in the history of our country. It's cuts and it's relief and it's also reform. And frankly, it's also simplification. So we're covering everything.
There has never been anything like it, and it's so important. The economy is doing very well but it can do much better. A lot of jobs are going to come from this and a lot of companies are going to start pouring back into the United States. In fact, we're going to be announcing one big one sometime very shortly -- a very big one coming back into the United States.
All of you have done a tremendous job mobilizing your members, talking to the members of Congress, which is very important, and making a strong case for tax reform in the media. The media is not all fake, so therefore we can get a fair shake.
Now is the time to redouble our efforts. Your country needs you now more than ever before. You are leaders of this country and certainly leaders on this subject and you know more about it than anybody. We need you to be united, committed, and proactive in order to overcome the forces fighting.
And there are forces fighting out there that very much benefit by the way it is now, but that's bad for the country. They know that but they're fighting for themselves; they're not fighting for the country.
In a few days, I'll be traveling to Asia to advance America's economic and national security priorities. I am counting on all of you to be back here, working to maintain our momentum on tax reform and tax cuts.
And that will be a short period of time -- I'll be away for about ten and a half days, and we'll get back very quickly. We're meeting in China, in South Korea, in Japan. We're going to Vietnam. We're going to the Philippines, which is a strategically important location where the previous administration was not exactly welcome, as you probably remember.
The Democrats will say our tax bill is for the rich, but they know it's not. And what they will do is -- they don't even know the tax bill. The tax bill hasn't even been really put out yet. It will be over the next short period of time.
But they immediately say, oh, it's for the rich, it's for the rich -- because that's the right thing to say, I mean, for them. But it doesn't work and they know that.
In fact, I think we'll have some Democrats doing this and voting for us for the reduced taxes because it's a tax bill for middle class; it's a tax bill for jobs, it's going to bring a lot of companies in; and it's a tax bill for business, which is going to create the jobs. We're bringing it down -- from 35 down to 20.
While I'm in Asia, members of my Cabinet will be traveling all around the country talking directly to taxpayers and focusing on the regional media, which we find to be a much more credible media, to be honest with you. In fact, I found it to be incredible how good they are.
Of course, Secretary Mnuchin, Director Cohn, and my entire economic team will remain totally focused on tax reform. They'll be staying here and will continue to work closely with all of you. They've had a great relationship with most of the people in the room. We need your continued input to make sure that the final bill gets all of the details right and that we get that approval.
I want the House to pass a bill by Thanksgiving. I want all of the people standing by my side when we get ready to sign by Christmas. Hopefully before Christmas, you'll all be in the room standing front row center. I think we'll be able to find a place where you can all stand front row center. It will be a big event. It will be the biggest tax event in the history of our country.
Thank you all for being here today. We have a couple of folks that I'd like to have say maybe a couple of words while we're with the media.
Tom Donohue has been President and CEO of U.S. Chamber of Commerce for a long time. Tom, do you have anything to say?
MR. DONOHUE: Well, thank you very much for having this meeting, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Tom.
MR. DONOHUE: The business community has been waiting a long time for an administration and the President and a willing Congress to do what we haven’t done for many decades. And we think we were lucky to arrange a budget, but we're going to have a better opportunity in the Senate.
I think you're right, there are some members of the Democratic legislature that will come around on some of this, particularly if the numbers are as they promised. And you hit it right on the head that we got to work on it. We're going to have some differences amongst the business community on what should be the takeaways and the adds.
But we just have to work on it, and I think your planning is really quite good. You're off to Asia and everybody else gets it worked out. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: Next week, we'll come back and let's see what we have, right? (Laughter.)
Well, I appreciate it very much. And what you said is important -- we did get the budget passed. And as you know, that was a big event because that doesn't often happen and we got it fairly easily passed. I think we had a couple of extra votes if we needed them, and more than a couple of votes if we needed them.
There's great spirit for this. The Republicans have a tremendous spirit. We'll have no Democrat support. We may have on the tax cuts because I think it's going to be very hard for five or six of them to run successfully saying they want to raise taxes.
Look, the Democrats want to raise taxes and really create obstruction. And the Republicans want to lower taxes, so we want to get rid of regulations. I've gotten rid of more regulations in the first nine months than any President has for their term in office. That's a big statement.
But we've really just begun. I would say we have at least another 50 percent that we want to do. So that's going to be fantastic. In some cases, it's statutory. We have to give a notice, and then you have to give another notice, and you have to wait 90 days. But we've gone along that statutory process.
And I will tell you, Tom, you're going to see a lot of additional relief from these horrible regulations that have been killing our country. They've literally been killing --
As you noticed, GDP was just announced and -- shockingly to a lot of people, despite the hurricanes, which possibly could be considered to be 1 point -- we were at 3. And we were at 3.2 last quarter but we were at 3. And to be at 3 with a 1 point, that would have meant we would have hit 4 or thereabouts. And those are numbers that have not been seen for many years.
So we're doing well and we'll continue to do well. The big thing is we have companies that really want to move back into the United States now because of regulation, because of what we're doing with taxes. And some big ones are going to be announcing very soon.
Dirk, could I ask you to say a few words from the National Association of Wholesale-Distributors? That would be great great.
MR. VAN DONGEN: Firstly, Mr. President, thank you. I appreciate the opportunity to be here. A few of us in the room are old enough to remember being in this same room when President Reagan was working on the tax reform. The two of us were in this room.
THE PRESIDENT: You don't look that old. (Laughter.)
MR. VAN DONGEN: Tom was here. (Laughter.) Thirty years or so have passed. The tax code doesn't resemble what was done in '86. Reform was long, long overdue. I represent an industry of very high effective tax rates, frankly, that (inaudible) the other guys' taxes.
Unstated, but I assume that the, kind of, price of admission for being here today is that you support the process moving forward. And obviously each of us have to see the details, and there may be one thing or another that we'd like to see different. But the broader perspective is that for the good of the economy, the good of the country, and, frankly, I think, for the good of our members, you have to support the process going forward. You have our commitment to do precisely that.
THE PRESIDENT: That's great. Thank you, Dirk. That's really great. I appreciate it.
And I think so important -- you know, we talk tax cuts, which is really, to me, the very big thing -- the tax cuts. We desperately need them.
But so many other things are happening, including bringing back $4 trillion back into the United States. And that money is going to be put to work in our country, for our people, creating our jobs and factories and plants.
I think the number could be higher than $4 trillion. It’s been $2.5 trillion for so long. Everyone said, $2.5 trillion. But it’s gotten, obviously, a lot bigger. They just kept saying $2.5 trillion. I think the number is going to be well over $4 trillion -- will be coming back into our country.
And so many other things. One of the other elements that are important, Karen -- and you're going to say a few words next because I’m dying to hear what you have to say. But one of the things so important is simplification -- too complicated, and we're simplifying it greatly.
And I want to thank all of my folks for being here and working on it -- Gary, Steve, everybody. The process is complicated, but the end result will not be that complicated. It's going to be people are going to pay less tax by a lot. Companies are going to pay less tax by a lot. That's a big difference.
And companies are going to start rebuilding, and they're going to stay here. And they're going to expand, and they're going to build new plants in this country. They won’t be going to other countries like they have been for many, many decades.
Karen, could you say few words? Small Business, Entrepreneurship Council?
MS. KERRIGAN: Sure. Well, thank you so much, Mr. President, for your support and leadership on this issue. This is really one of the most critical issues for small business.
And they know if they get tax reform through, they're going to have more capital to put back into their businesses. They're going to invest more. They're going to provide higher wages, better benefits for their employees.
These business owners and entrepreneurs are also leaders of the community back in their communities. And they do see the lack of dynamism, the lack of business dynamism. They don't see new business creation in their communities, and that's a really serious problem in this country --
THE PRESIDENT: Right.
MS. KERRIGAN: -- the lack of entrepreneurship, weak entrepreneurship. According to our numbers, 3.2 million missing businesses in our country because of people not taking risks.
THE PRESIDENT: Right.
MS. KERRIGAN: So we're very excited about tax reform in terms of the growth it will bring, the investment it will bring, making the U.S. a haven for capital again because we need to get that edge back and need to encourage more people to start businesses -- particularly millennials starting businesses again.
THE PRESIDENT: Right, that's true.
MS. KERRIGAN: Which is going to add to, again, our competitiveness. So thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: One of the things that we've been talking about and that we've seen and there’s been anything like it is the level of enthusiasm -- the enthusiasm for business, for manufacturing. It’s the highest level it’s ever been -- highest level since the charts started. And we have a tremendous level now of enthusiasm for business and for manufacturing. And nobody has ever seen anything like it.
And of course, the stock market is at an all-time high -- historic high. There’s never been -- I mean, it’s going up -- I think it was 54 times since I was elected; we've hit the record 54 times. And I notice it’s up again a little bit today, so that's always good. But we're going to try and keep it going up.
But we've created almost $5.5 trillion in stock market wealth. Think of that -- $5.5 trillion since November 8th. So we're very honored by all of that. But a very big part of it will be tax cuts and tax reform, and we'll work on that together.
Thank you all very much. Thank you.
Q Are you open to the corporate tax rate, the corporate tax rate being phased in, sir? Would you be open to the corporate --
THE PRESIDENT: We're not looking for that, no. We're not looking for that. Hopefully not.
Q You want it to start at 20 --
THE PRESIDENT: That's something -- some people have mentioned that. Hopefully not.
Q Are you going to pardon Mr. Manafort?
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, all. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you.
END
11:54 A.M. EDTEast Room
2:26 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Melania, for your moving words and for your devotion -- it's a very deep devotion, I can tell you that -- to our nation and its children.
Thank you also to members of Congress, my Cabinet, governors, members of Congress, state, local leaders, first responders, and healthcare professionals gathered here today. We have some truly incredible people in this room -- that I can tell you.
Most importantly, we acknowledge the families present who have lost a cherished loved one. As you all know from personal experience, families, communities, and citizens across our country are currently dealing with the worst drug crisis in American history and even, if you really think about it, world history. This is all throughout the world. The fact is this is a worldwide problem.
This crisis of drug use, addiction, and overdose deaths in many years, it's just been so long in the making. Addressing it will require all of our effort and it will require us to confront the crisis in all of its very real complexity.
Last year, we lost at least 64,000 Americans to overdoses. That’s 175 lost American lives per day. That’s seven lost lives per hour in our country. Drug overdoses are now the leading cause of unintentional death in the United States by far.
More people are dying from drug overdoses today than from gun homicides and motor vehicles combined. Think of it -- motor vehicle crashes, gun homicides, more people by far from drug overdoses.
These overdoses are driven by a massive increase in addiction to prescription painkillers, heroin, and other opioids. Last year, almost 1 million Americans used heroin, and more than 11 million abused prescription opioids. The United States is by far the largest consumer of these drugs, using more opioid pills per person than any other country by far in the world. Opioid overdose deaths have quadrupled since 1999 and now account for the majority of fatal drug overdoses. Who would have thought?
No part of our society -- not young or old, rich or poor, urban or rural -- has been spared this plague of drug addiction and this horrible, horrible situation that's taken place with opioids.
In West Virginia -- a truly great state, great people -- there is a hospital nursery where one in every five babies spends its first days in agony. Because these precious babies were exposed to opioids or other drugs in the womb, they endure nausea, pain, anxiety, sleeplessness, and trouble eating, just the same as adults undergoing detox.
Some of these children will likely lose one or both of their parents to drug addiction and overdose. They will join the growing ranks of America’s opioid orphans. Such beautiful, beautiful babies.
Beyond the shocking death toll, the terrible measure of the opioid crisis includes the families ripped apart and, for many communities, a generation of lost potential and opportunity.
This epidemic is a national health emergency, unlike many of us we've seen and what we've seen in our lifetimes. Nobody has seen anything like what's going on now.
As Americans, we cannot allow this to continue. It is time to liberate our communities from this scourge of drug addiction. Never been this way. We can be the generation that ends the opioid epidemic. We can do it. (Applause.) We can do it.
That is why, effective today, my administration is officially declaring the opioid crisis a national public health emergency under federal law, and why I am directing all executive agencies to use every appropriate emergency authority to fight the opioid crisis. This marks a critical step in confronting the extraordinary challenge that we face.
As part of this emergency response, we will announce a new policy to overcome a restrictive 1970s-era rule that prevents states from providing care at certain treatment facilities with more than 16 beds for those suffering from drug addiction. (Applause.)
A number of states have reached out to us asking for relief, and you should expect to see approvals that will unlock treatment for people in need. And those approvals will come very, very fast. Not like in the past -- very, very quickly.
Ending the epidemic will require mobilization of government, local communities, and private organizations. It will require the resolve of our entire country.
The scale of this crisis of addiction is why, soon after coming into office, I convened a presidential commission, headed by Governor Chris Christie, that has consulted with experts across America to listen, to learn, and report back on potential solutions.
We await the final report, which will come in next week. And I know some of the report has already been seen, because I want to see it as quickly as possible. And some of the things that they are recommending are common sense, but very, very important. And they're going to have a tremendous impact, believe me -- tremendous impact.
Today, I will detail many of these aggressive steps with my administration, which we've already taken. After we review and evaluate the commission’s findings, I will quickly move to implement approximate and appropriate recommendations.
But I want the American people to know: The federal government is aggressively fighting the opioid epidemic on all fronts. We're working with doctors and medical professionals to implement best practices for safe opioid prescribing, and we will do something very, very special. We are requiring federally employed prescribers to receive, finally, special training.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has launched a prescription awareness campaign to put faces on the danger of opioid abuse.
I want to acknowledge CVS Caremark for announcing last month that it will limit certain first-time opioid prescriptions to seven-day supplies, among other important reforms. And I encourage other companies to do their part to help to stop this epidemic. (Applause.)
The FDA is now requiring drug companies that manufacture prescription opioids to provide more training to prescribers and to help prevent abuse and addiction, and has requested that one especially high-risk opioid be withdrawn from the market immediately. We are requiring that a specific opioid, which is truly evil, be taken off the market immediately. (Applause.)
The U.S. Postal Service and the Department of Homeland Security are strengthening the inspection of packages coming into our country to hold back the flood of cheap and deadly fentanyl, a synthetic opioid manufactured in China and 50 times stronger than heroin.
And in two weeks, I will be in China with President Xi, and I will mention this as a top priority. (Applause.) And he will do something about it.
I am also pleased to report that for the first time, the Department of Justice has indicated [indicted] major Chinese drug traffickers for distributing -- and they have really put very, very strong clamps on them. They've indicted them, the drug traffickers, for distributing fentanyl in the United States. So, Jeff, thank you very much. Good job. (Applause.)
And they've been indicted and we're not going to forget about them, believe me. They are doing tremendous harm to our country. The Justice Department is aggressively and, really, valiantly pursuing those who illegally prescribe and traffic in opioids, both in our communities and on the Internet.
And I will be looking at the potential of the federal government bringing major lawsuits against bad actors. What they have and what they're doing to our people is unheard of. We will be bringing some very major lawsuits against people and against companies that are hurting our people. And that will start taking place pretty soon. (Applause.)
We're also supporting first responders' and medical professionals’ access to the tools they need to prevent deaths through life-saving overdose medications.
At my direction, the National Institute of Health, headed up by Francis Collins, has taken the first steps of an ambitious public-private partnership with pharmaceutical companies to develop non-addictive painkillers and new treatments for addiction and overdose. So important. (Applause.)
I will be pushing the concept of non-addictive painkillers very, very hard. We have to come up with that solution. We give away billions and billions of dollars a year, and we're going to be spending lots of money on coming up with a non-addictive solution.
We will be asking Dr. Collins and the NIH for substantial resources in the fight against drug addiction. One of the things our administration will be doing is a massive advertising campaign to get people, especially children, not to want to take drugs in the first place because they will see the devastation and the ruination it causes to people and people's lives.
Watch what happens, if we do our jobs, how the number of drug users and the addicted will start to tumble downward over a period of years. It will be a beautiful thing to see.
I learned, myself -- I had a brother, Fred -- great guy, best-looking guy, best personality -- much better than mine. (Laughter.) But he had a problem. He had a problem with alcohol, and he would tell me, "Don’t drink. Don't drink." He was substantially older, and I listened to him and I respected, but he would constantly tell me, don't drink. He'd also add, don't smoke. But he would say it over and over and over again.
And to this day, I've never had a drink. And I have no longing for it. I have no interest in it. To this day, I've never had a cigarette. Don't worry, those are only two of my good things. I don't want to tell you about the bad things. (Laughter.) There's plenty of bad things too.
But he really helped me. I had somebody that guided me, and he had a very, very, very tough life because of alcohol -- believe me, very, very tough, tough life. He was a strong guy, but it was a tough, tough thing that he was going through. But I learned because of Fred. I learned.
And that's what I think is so important. This was an idea that I had, where if we can teach young people not to take drugs -- just not to take them. When I see friends of mine that are having difficulty with not having that drink at dinner, where it's literally almost impossible for them to stop, I say to myself, I can't even understand it -- why would that be difficult? But we understand why it is difficult.
The fact is, if we can teach young people -- and people, generally -- not to start, it's really, really easy not to take them. And I think that's going to end up being our most important thing. Really tough, really big, really great advertising, so we get to people before they start, so they don't have to go through the problems of what people are going through. (Applause.) Thank you.
We are already distributing nearly $1 billion in grants for addiction prevention and treatment, and over $50 million dollars to support law enforcement programs that assist those facing prison and facing addiction.
We have also launched an $81 million partnership to research better pain management techniques for our incredible veterans. And soon -- (applause) -- and, by the way, Secretary Shulkin is here. You have done an incredible job for our veterans in a very short period of time. (Applause.) And soon, HHS will launch a taskforce to develop and update best practices for pain management across the federal government.
I am urging all Americans to help fight this opioid epidemic and the broader issue of drug addiction by participating in the National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day this Saturday. When you can safely turn in these dangerous and horrible drugs for disposal, that will be a wonderful, wonderful period of time for you.
All of these actions are important parts of my administration’s larger effort to confront the drug addiction crisis in America and confront it head on, straight on -- strong. We're going to do it. We're going to do it.
For too long, we have allowed drugs to ravage American homes, cities, and towns. We owe it to our children and our country to do everything in our power to address this national shame and this human tragedy.
We must stop the flow of all types of illegal drugs into our communities. (Applause.) For too long, dangerous criminal cartels have been allowed to infiltrate and spread throughout our nation. An astonishing 90 percent of the heroin in America comes from south of the border, where we will be building a wall which will greatly help in this problem. (Applause.) It will have a great impact. My administration is dedicated to enforcing our immigration laws, defending our maritime security, and securing our borders.
We also have to work with other countries to stop these drugs where they originate. We have no choice. We have to work with others, we have to get together, because they have similar problems to what we have. Some countries have bigger problems than we have. Whether that country is China, whether it's a country in Latin America, it makes no difference. We're going to be working with all of them. We’re taking the fight directly to the criminals in places that they're producing this poison.
Here in America, we are once again enforcing the law; breaking up gangs and distribution networks; and arresting criminals who peddle dangerous drugs to our youth.
In addition, we understand the need to confront reality, right smack in the face, that millions of our fellow citizens are already addicted. That's the reality. We want them to get the help they need. We have no choice but to help these people that are hooked and are suffering so they can recover and rebuild their lives with their families.
We're committed to pursuing innovative approaches that have been proven to work, like drug courts. Our efforts will be based on sound metrics, and guided by evidence and guided by results. This includes making addiction treatment available to those in prison and to help them eventually reenter society as productive and law-abiding citizens.
Finally, we must adopt the most common-sense solution of all: to prevent our citizens from becoming addicted to drugs in the first place. (Applause.)
We must and are focusing so much of our effort on drug demand reduction. We must confront the culture of drug abuse head-on to reduce demand for dangerous narcotics. Every person who buys illicit drugs here in America should know that they are risking their futures, their families, and even their lives. And every American should know that if they purchase illegal drugs, they are helping to finance some of the most violent, cruel, and ruthless organizations anywhere in the world. Illegal drug use is not a victimless crime. There is nothing admirable, positive, or socially desirable about it. There is nothing desirable about drugs. They're bad.
We want the next generation of young Americans to know the blessings of a drug-free life. In this enormous struggle against drug addiction, an opioid epidemic -- it really is that; it is an epidemic -- our greatest hope is the same as it has always been. Through every trial America has encountered throughout our history, the spirit of our people and the strength of our character, we win. Each of us has a responsibility to this effort. We have a total responsibility to ourselves, to our family, to our country, including those who are struggling with this addiction.
Each of us is responsible to look out for our loved ones, our communities, our children, our neighbors, and our own health. Almost every American has witnessed the horrors of addiction. Whether it’s through their own struggle or through the struggle of a friend, a coworker, a neighbor or, frankly, a family member, our current addiction crisis, and especially the epidemic of opioid deaths, will get worse before it gets better. But get better it will. It will take many years and even decades to address this scourge in our society, but we must start in earnest now to combat national health emergency.
We are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through leadership and through love.
Fire Chief Dan Goonan, of New Hampshire -- great state -- runs a program, Safe Station, which allows drug-dependent residents to seek help at fire stations at any time.
Jesse and Cyndi Swafford of Dayton, Ohio have provided a loving, stable home to children affected by the opioid crisis.
I am calling on every American to join the ranks of guardian angels like Chief Goonan and the Swaffords, who help lift up the people of our great nation.
Together, we will care for our citizens, our children, and our orphans and our -- and you know what I'm going to say -- our foster youth. So many. So many. But we're going to lift them up, and we're going to take care of them. We will work to strengthen vulnerable families and communities, and we will help to build and grow a stronger, healthier, and drug-free society.
Together, we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction, with unity, and with a commitment to love and support our neighbors in times of dire need.
Working together, we will defeat this opioid epidemic. It will be defeated. We will free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse. And, yes, we will overcome addiction in America. We are going to overcome addiction in America.
We have fought and won many battles and many wars before, and we will win again.
Thank you. God bless you. And God Bless America. Thank you. (Applause.)
Thank you. Here we go. This is very important: "Combatting the National Drug Demand and Opioid Crisis." Right? So important. We will win, right?
(The presidential memorandum is signed.) (Applause.)
END 2:53 P.M. EDTSouth Lawn
12:50 P.M. EDT
Q What’s your reaction to Democrats paying for the dossier?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I think it’s very sad what they've done with this fake dossier. It was made up, and I understand they paid a tremendous amount of money, and Hillary Clinton always denied it. The Democrats always denied it. And now only because it’s going to come out in a court case, they said, yes, they did it. They admitted it, and they're embarrassed by it.
But I think it’s a disgrace. It’s just really -- it’s a very sad -- it’s a very sad commentary on politics in this country.
Q Do you know which Republicans helped fund that?
Q Mr. President, (inaudible) Senator Bob Corker and his chairmanship?
THE PRESIDENT: I don't think so. I think it’s fine the way it is. We have actually great unity in the Republican Party. Yesterday, I was --
Q (Inaudible) Bob Corker and Jeff Flake?
THE PRESIDENT: That's okay. Look, you know they have to do their thing. We have great unity. If you look at what happened yesterday at the meeting, we had, I guess, virtually every senator, including John McCain. We had a great conversation yesterday -- John McCain and myself -- about the military.
I think we had a -- I called it a lovefest. It was almost a lovefest. Maybe it was a lovefest. But we -- standing ovations. There is great unity. If you look at the Democrats with Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton, that's a mess. There’s great unity in the Republican Party.
Q (Inaudible) this country is in the gutter right now. Do you agree with that? Do you bear any responsibility for that?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I think it’s sad. But I think to a large extent, in all due respect, I think the media causes a lot of it. Fake stories are being reported. A lot of bad things are being reported that aren’t true, and I think to a certain extent, maybe I can blame the media.
But politics is a rough business. There’s no question about it. I will say this: I think the Republican Party has a pretty good unity. When I looked at that room yesterday at lunch -- and you know, and you reported on it very well, Kristen. You gave it a very good report. The fact is there was tremendous unity in that room, and we're really unified. We're really unified on what we want to do.
We want tax cuts for the middle class. We want tax cuts for businesses to produce jobs. There’s great unity.
Yes.
Q What about Senator Flake saying you are a danger to democracy?
THE PRESIDENT: Look, he was against me from before he ever knew me. He wrote a book about me before I ever met him, before I ever heard his name. His poll numbers in Arizona are so low that he couldn’t win, and I don't blame him for leaving. I think he did the right thing for himself.
But if you know, long before he ever knew me, during the campaign, even before the campaign -- I mean, he came out with this horrible book, and I said, who is this guy?
In fact, I remembered the first time I saw him on television I had not really been -- nobody knew me in terms of politics. But the first time I saw him on television, I said, I assume he’s a Democrat. Is he a Democrat? They said he’s a Republican. I said, that's impossible.
So, look, his poll numbers are terrible. He’s done terribly for the great people of Arizona, a state that likes Donald Trump very much as even you will admit. And he would have never won. In fact, even in the primary, he’s way down in the primary. So he did the smart thing for himself. This way he can get out somewhat gracefully. But --
Q What about the comments that you're (inaudible).
THE PRESIDENT: Well, he’s saying that -- he’s saying that because he has nothing else to say.
But I do think this -- I do think this: I wish him well. I really believe he’s going to do the right thing for the country. He’s going to vote for tax cuts because we desperately need tax cuts to put our people back to work. We need tax cuts also to be able to compete with other countries.
Q (Inaudible) Bob Corker -- "liddle" Bob Corker?
THE PRESIDENT: You know what, I hope Bob -- and I really believe that Bob Corker is going to do the right thing also.
Yes, go ahead.
Q (Inaudible), Mr. President -- do you feel like that's (inaudible)?
THE PRESIDENT: I can't hear you. I can't -- what? Say it again.
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: Well, Senator Flake did vote with me. I understand it was about 91 or even more than that. So from that standpoint, good.
No, I think I'll be boosted in Arizona because he's very unpopular. I think the fact that he did it the way he did it probably -- I mean, I'm very high in Arizona. I love the people; they like me. They like security at the border. You know, all of the things.
But I think I'm probably helped greatly in Arizona by what happened with Senator Flake.
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: I don't think they'd do that. I really know that they want tax cuts. They know we need it. We need it for the country, we need it for the people, we need if for the middle class, we need it for jobs. I don't think they'd do that. I really don't.
I know them well enough. I don't know Flake very well, but I know Bob Corker. I think they really would do it. I think they feel they have to do it for the country.
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: Say it?
Q (Inaudible) Democrats?
THE PRESIDENT: I think we're going to get some Democrat votes, yeah. I do believe -- I haven't started the process, but I believe that there are certain Democrats that, if they don't vote for these massive tax cuts for business, for jobs, and for the middle class, they will lose their races in '18.
Q Mr. President, should you be more civil (inaudible)?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I think the press makes me more uncivil than I am. You know, people don't understand -- I went to an Ivy League college, I was a nice student, I did very well, I'm a very intelligent person.
The fact is, I think -- I really believe -- I think the press creates a different image of Donald Trump than the real person.
Q In that vein, Mr. President, would you ever apologize to Sergeant La David Johnson's wife?
Q When is it okay for you to (inaudible) your punches --
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I think it's always okay -- when somebody says something about you that's false, I think it's always okay to counterpunch or to fight back.
John.
Q You have talked, Mr. President, about the idea that any changes to tax-free contributions to 401(k)s are off the table. That was the source of your spat --
THE PRESIDENT: I wanted to end that quickly. 401(k)s, to me, are very important. And they're important because that's one of the great benefits to the middle class. I didn't want that to go too far. That's why I ended it very quickly.
Q But Kevin Brady, who is the Chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, said this morning it could be on the table.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, maybe it is, and maybe we'll use it as negotiating. But trust me, that's one of the great things. You know, there are certain elements of deals you don't want to negotiate with. 401(k)s -- and Kevin knows it, and I think Kevin Brady is fantastic, but he knows how important 401(k)s are.
Q You told me last week you thought that the uranium sale to Russia was one of the big stories of the decade. Three congressional committees are now looking at that. We haven't heard you comment on it since those investigations were launched.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I think the uranium sale to Russia and the way it was done, so underhanded, with tremendous amounts of money being passed -- I actually think that's Watergate, modern age.
Q Mr. President, what more do you want to know about the mission in Niger? And what have you asked the Pentagon to tell you and tell the country?
THE PRESIDENT: Say it again, please.
Q What more do you want to know about the mission in Niger? And what have you asked the Pentagon to tell you and tell the country about what went wrong?
THE PRESIDENT: I can't --
Q What more do you want to know about the mission in Niger --
Q And what went wrong, and what do you want the country to know about that.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, we're going to look at it. Now, I have to say, we are decimating ISIS in the Middle East. What's happening is, they'll go to parts of Africa, they'll go to other places. When they get there, we meet them. It's a dangerous business -- I have to say, it's a dangerous business. So what --
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: No, I didn't. Not specifically. But I have generals that are great generals. These are great fighters. These are warriors and --
Q You gave them authority to do this mission.
THE PRESIDENT: I gave them authority to do what's right so that we win. That's the authority they have. I want to win and we're going to win, and we're beating ISIS very badly. You look at what's happened in the Middle East -- we have done more in eight months than the previous administration has done in many years.
Now, what happens is, you decimate them and that's all we've done. We have decimated ISIS in the Middle East. They go to Africa, they go to places. When they get there, we meet them there. That's what goes on. It's a tough business. It's a tough war, but we are winning it. And you know what? We're going to continue winning it.
With that being said, my generals and my military, they have decision-making ability. As far as the incident that we're talking about, I've been seeing it just like you've been seeing it. I've been getting reports. They have to meet the enemy and they meet them tough, and that's what happens.
Q Did Sergeant Johnson's wife (inaudible). Would you ever apologize to her?
THE PRESIDENT: I was extremely nice to her. She sounds like a lovely lady. I've never seen her. I've never met her, but she sounds likes a lovely lady. But I was extremely nice to her. I was extremely courteous, as I was to everyone else.
You know, it's interesting, you folks have called many people that I spoke to. Everybody has said unbelievable, good thing about me, but you never report that.
Q We reported that.
Q Mr. President, but she was really upset by your phone call --
THE PRESIDENT: Did you report it? Did you report it?
Q We have reported that. You've talked about the --
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you.
Q You're welcome. But what about your --
THE PRESIDENT: I can only say this: I was really nice to her. I respect her. I respect her family. I certainly respect La David, who -- I, by the way, called La David right from the beginning. Just so you understand, they put a chart in front -- "La David." It says, La David Johnson.
So I called right from the beginning. There's no hesitation. One of the great memories of all time. There was no hesitation. I think she's a fantastic woman. I was extremely nice to her, extremely respectful.
Q You made four phone calls to four different families that day. Did you say anything different to Myeshia Johnson than you did to any of the other three families?
THE PRESIDENT: I would say, basically, we talked condolence. I mean, it's all about condolence, it's about warmth. In many cases you listen, because in so many cases -- one of the families, they were saying, yes, he was a great football star.
And honestly, they pour their heart out, John. It's the hardest calls. They pour their heart out. But I am always -- and look, you people have called many people that I've spoken to, and every one of them has said I couldn’t have been nicer. Now, it's a rough time for these people. I mean, how tough is it? There's nothing tougher. But I have such respect for those families. Nobody has more respect than I do -- nobody.
Q In the budget deal in December, do you want DACA in that?
THE PRESIDENT: We're looking at DACA. We have to get something for it, but we are looking at DACA. And we'll see what happens. I would love to do a DACA deal, but we have to get something very substantial for it, including the wall, including security, including a strong border. We have to be able to stop drugs from pouring into our nation.
Q On taxes, sir, you talk about what the American people will get out of your tax plan. Why not tell them how it will affect you by releasing your taxes?
THE PRESIDENT: The tax plan is going to be incredible for this country. It's going to bring back jobs, it's going to cut taxes tremendously. We're going to bring back $4 trillion, I think at least from overseas. That money is going to be put back to work in our country instead of other countries. The tax cut is going to be massive. It's going to keep companies from leaving our country. So important.
Q Have any of your family members or advisors been interviewed by the special counsel?
THE PRESIDENT: Not that I know of, no.
Q Have you been contacted --
THE PRESIDENT: And I have to say, the whole Russian thing is what it's turned out to be. This was the Democrats coming up with an excuse for losing an election. It's an election that's very hard for a Democrat to lose because the Electoral College is set in such a way that it's very hard to lose that election for a Democrat. They lost it. They lost it very badly and very easily.
I mean, you look at the votes; it was 306 to what -- 223 or something. They lost it by a lot. They didn't know what to say, so they made up the whole Russia hoax. Now it's turning out that the hoax has turned around. And you look at what's happened with Russia, and you look at the uranium deal, and you look at the fake dossier. So that's all turned around.
Q (Inaudible), yes or no?
THE PRESIDENT: No, not at all.
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: No. We have a very good relationship. Honestly, when you look at -- when you take a look at what's happened with Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, and the hatred and the division and the animosity -- I'll tell you what, honestly, the Republicans are very, very well united.
Q Opioids --
THE PRESIDENT: We're going to have a big meeting on opioids tomorrow. We're going to be doing a very, very important meeting sometime in the very short -- the very near future on opioids, in terms of declaring a national emergency, which gives us power to do things that you can't do right now.
Q This Fusion GPS investigation began on the Republican side of things during the primary. Do you have any idea who it was who was collecting opposition data on you?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, they say it began with the Republicans. I think I would know, but I won't say. It'll be determined. It'll be determined.
Look, Hillary would have never announced it was them, except for this great court case that's going on where the judge was going to reveal it. So they figured, we'll do it first. They're very embarrassed by it. It's a disgrace. Yes, it might have started with the Republicans early on in the primaries. I think I would know, but let's find out who it is. I'm sure that will come out.
Q Do you know who those Republicans are?
THE PRESIDENT: I think I would have, if I were to guess, I have one name in mind.
Q What's the name?
THE PRESIDENT: It will probably be revealed.
Q The DMZ. Yes or no, are you going? Yes or no?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I'd rather not say but you'll be surprised.
END
1:05 P.M. EDTOval Office
11:48 A.M. EDT
SECRETARY ROSS: Good morning. We've just returned from Detroit where we celebrated 2017 National Minority Enterprise Development Week with a crowd of 5,000 people at the Cobo Arena.
The resurgence of "Motor City" is a perfect example of the resiliency that has shaped America for generations. I'm proud to stand with President Trump as he leads the ongoing economic revitalization in Detroit and across the nation.
We want our companies to hire and grow in America, to raise wages for American workers, and to help rebuild our cities and towns. That way, we can all succeed together. Together we will create an environment where more minority-owned businesses grow and thrive.
Nationwide, there were 996,246 minority-owned firms with paid employees last year, up 4.9 percent from the prior year. And these minority-owned businesses produced $1.1 trillion of annual revenue. They employ 8 million people, but only 22 percent of them have 10 or more employees. So there's plenty of room to grow. But we know that minority entrepreneurs are up to the task.
And so we're honored to be joined today by nine of the winners of the National Minority Enterprise Development Week Award. (Applause.)
This award is given by the Commerce Department's Minority Business Development Agency. The MBD Week award winners embody the entrepreneurial spirit that made this country great. And we intend to clear the way for them to innovate and expand even more by eliminating needless regulations, promoting fair and reciprocal trade, lowering taxes, and increasing the flow of capital. President Trump is restoring the American Dream.
President Trump's tax plan will make our systems simple and fair, and help American businesses become even more competitive. Accomplishing these objectives will lead to increased economic growth, and most importantly, better jobs for the American worker.
We in government can only put in play the right conditions for your success. Entrepreneurs like these must carry the ball across the goal line. With their help, we will continue to restore the American economy, and we look forward to partnering with you in those efforts.
It is now my great honor to introduce the President of the United States, Donald J. Trump. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much. And Wilbur mentioned a couple of words: reciprocal trade. And that's what we're doing, Wilbur. We are working on many trade deals that have treated our country very unfairly for many years, and nobody even understood it. They didn't know what was going on. And those days are over.
So we're renegotiating certain trade deals, and we started the process for others. It's actually a long process, as you probably know. You have statutory requirements and lots of other things. But the bottom line is, step by step. And we're getting it done, and we're way ahead of schedule, I would say.
SECRETARY ROSS: Yes, we are.
THE PRESIDENT: We started with NAFTA. We'll see how that turns out. It may not turn out, and if it doesn't turn out, we'll have to do a new NAFTA or a new deal. But we'll see how it turns out.
you. I'm honored and thrilled to be with you this morning. The White House and the Oval Office is a very special place. I assume every one of you have been in the Oval Office many times, right? (Laughter.) Well, it's an honor to have you now, I can tell you that.
I want to congratulate every one of the business men and women in this room and all that you have achieved -- incredible stories. Each of you has just a remarkable past and, I think, an even more remarkable future. I feel that. Does everybody feel that, by the way?
PARTICIPANTS: Yes.
THE PRESIDENT: Especially with Trump as your President. (Laughter.)
Each of you represent a critical American industry, from construction to technology to manufacturing. But you all share in a common will and drive to succeed, and I salute you for that. You need that drive to be successful.
Minority-owned businesses employ 8 million people and generate more than $1 trillion in annual economic output. The work you do and the products and services you bring into this world generate new prosperity across America. For that, we are in your debt.
You inspire our children to develop their talents and to always chase their dreams; you carry on our nation's proud legacy of innovation; and you breathe new life into the American spirit.
A recent Department of Labor report showed the fewest jobless claims since 1973. Think of that -- 1973. We just had a report -- we have the fewest jobless claims. I don't think the press -- I tell that because the only way I'll get the word out there is if I say it because they'll never say it. (Laughter.)
My administration is deeply committed to empowering minority business owners. We're working to lift government barriers so that you can thrive, prosper, and grow.
And speaking of growing, our stock market just hit another record high. It's the highest it's ever been in history by far. We've created about $5.4 trillion only in stock market value -- $5.4 trillion. And we're very happy about it. And a lot of jobs. We have the lowest job numbers since, I believe, 16 to 17 years, Wilbur.
SECRETARY ROSS: Yes, sir, about 17.
THE PRESIDENT: The lowest unemployment. Low. We're doing really well. We're doing well, which makes it better for you.
As a candidate for President, I pledged to fight to deliver opportunity for every community in America. All American children, from the Rust Belt to our inner cities, deserve great schools, safe neighborhoods, and access to high-paying jobs. And I talked a lot about the inner cities on the campaign, and there's tremendous potential in the inner city, and we're working on that very, very hard.
Critical to creating this future is reforming our tax code to produce new investment and development in our country. We must bring back our jobs and rebuild America's cities and town, which is what we're doing. It's time to take care of our country and fight for our families.
At the center of our America First agenda is our commitment to ensure every child in America has a future of security and a future of hope.
We are one of the highest-taxed nations in the world -- anywhere in the world -- one of the highest-taxed -- costing us millions of jobs and trillions and trillions of dollars. Our tax cuts will restore America's competitive edge and lower the crushing tax burden on the American people.
It's also going to bring back -- if we get this passed, which I really believe we will -- I think we have to, as a country -- it's going to bring back, I would say, $4 trillion back into this country, which right now cannot come back. It's being spent in other countries. Money that wants to come back into the United States cannot come back, but under our plan, that money will flow back in. It will be very quick, and it will be very easy. And it's a lot of money.
Nobody even knows the amount. It was $2.5 trillion a few years ago, so I would say now it's got to be close to $4 trillion or maybe above that number. We'll find out soon because it's going to come back very, very rapidly.
Under our plan, more than 30 million Americans who own small businesses will get a 40 percent cut to their top marginal tax rate. This will be the lowest rate in more than 80 years. So this will be the lowest rate you have in more than 80 years. That's -- 1931 is the last time there was a rate this low.
We're going to massively reduce the corporate tax so that companies stay in America, move to America, and hire right here in America. In other words, they stay in America and they don't fire their workers. That's what we're about.
Our plan can be summarized in three simple words: jobs, jobs, jobs. The award-winning business leaders here today represent the best of America and our determination to succeed and to grow. Together, we're going to ensure that more American citizens can unlock their potential -- of which they have tremendous potential -- provide for their families, and live out the American Dream.
Again, congratulations to all of the awardees. It's a tremendous achievement, a really tremendous achievement. I have great respect for you. And thank you, God bless you, and God bless America. Thank you very much.
END
11:59 A.M. EDTEast Room
3:27 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, Chaplain Hurley. Vice President Pence, Secretary Shulkin, members of Congress, members of the Armed Forces, and distinguished guests, please join me in welcoming Captain Gary Michael Rose to the White House. (Applause.)
For many years, the story of Mike’s heroism has gone untold. But today we gather to tell the world of his valor and proudly present him with our nation’s highest military honor.
Joining Mike today is his wife, Margaret, their three children, Sarah, Claire, and Michael, and their two grandchildren, Kaitlyn and Christian. Kaitlyn and Christian, I want you to know that the medal that we will present today will forever enshrine your grandfather -- and he is a good man. We just spoke to him for a long time, and you are great, great young people. But this will enshrine him into the history of our nation.
We're also grateful to be joined by nine previous Congressional Medal of Honor recipients. Their courage, character, and conviction is beyond measure. Please stand. (Applause.) We are honored to be in their presence.
This afternoon, I want to take a few moments to share with you the incredible story of Mike’s heroic deeds.
Raised in Watertown, New York, Mike’s father was a metalworker and a World War II veteran. He taught his son that we live in the greatest country in the world, and that we must love it, cherish it, and always defend it.
Mike took that very much to heart. After his first year in college, he enlisted in the Army, and by the time he was 22, Mike was a medic for the Fifth Special Forces Group in the Vietnam War.
On September 11, 1970, Mike was called on his second combat mission. He was the only medic for 136 men who embarked on one of the group’s biggest missions of the war: Operation Tailwind.
Their goal was to prevent the North Vietnamese from funneling weapons along the Ho Chi Minh Trail to use against our American troops. Helicopters dropped the unit into Laos. Before they even touched the ground, enemy fire struck three men.
Once they landed in the clearing, they rushed to the jungle for much needed cover. Soon, another man was shot outside their defensive perimeter. Mike immediately rushed to his injured comrade, firing at the enemy as he ran. In the middle of the clearing, under the machine gun fire, Mike treated the wounded soldier. He shielded the man with his own body and carried him back to safety.
But this was just the beginning of Mike’s harrowing four-day mission. Mike and his unit slashed through the dense jungle, dodged bullets, dodged explosives, dodged everything that you can dodge because they threw it all at him, and continuously returned fire as they moved deeper and deeper and deeper into enemy territory.
Throughout the engagement, Mike rescued those in distress without any thought for his own safety. I will tell you, the people with him could not believe what they were witnessing. He crawled from one soldier to the next, offering words of encouragement as he tended to their wounds.
On the second day, one of the allied soldiers was shot outside their company perimeter. Again, Mike raced to the side of the soldier, exposing himself to constant fire. As bullets flew in every direction, Mike fired at the enemy with one arm while dragging the injured soldier back to the perimeter with the other.
Soon after they returned to their unit, a rocket-propelled grenade exploded nearby and shot smoldering metal into Mike’s back and into his leg. He was seriously, seriously wounded. The shrapnel left a gaping hole in Mike’s foot. For the next 48 excruciating hours, he used a branch as a crutch and went on rescuing the wounded. Mike did not stop to eat, to sleep, or even to care for his own serious injury as he saved the lives of his fellow soldiers.
On the second and final night of the mission, the enemy surrounded the company. All night long, Mike treated the wound and dug trenches to protect them from blazing rockets and grenades. After four days of constant engagement with the enemy, and after successfully destroying an enemy base camp, Mike’s unit prepared to evacuate.
When the helicopters arrived, Mike fought back the enemy as his fellow soldiers boarded the aircraft. He boarded the last chopper, limping up to the craft while still warding off the enemy forces that were fast approaching.
As Mike puts it, "If you don’t believe in God, then you should have been with us that day. And I can tell you, it’ll make a believer out of you because we should not [ever] have survived." Mike, today, we have a room full of people and a nation who thank God that you lived. (Applause.)
Mike’s story doesn’t end there. Soon after the helicopter lifted off the ground, the chopper was hit by enemy fire. Mike, this is serious stuff. (Laughter.) This was not a good four days. (Laughter.)
The bullets tragically struck a young Marine gunner in the throat. Again, Mike rushed to help. As he wrapped a cloth around the Marine’s neck, the engine of the helicopter failed, and the aircraft crashed less than a mile from where it had taken off. Mike was thrown off the aircraft before it hit the ground, but he raced back to the crash site and pulled one man after another out of the smoking and smoldering helicopter as it spewed jet fuel from its ruptured tanks.
Finally, another helicopter rescued them, and by the time they reached the base, Mike was covered in blood. He refused treatment until all of his men had been cared for first.
In every action during those four days, Mike valiantly fought for the life of his comrades, even if it meant the end of his own life.
Mike, you will -- I mean, I have to say, you really -- your will to endure, your love for your fellow soldier, your devotion to your country inspires us all. I have to tell you, that is something. Nations are formed out of the strength and patriotism that lives in the hearts of our heroes.
Mike never knew for certain whether or not that Marine gunner who was shot on the helicopter survived until earlier this year, when Mike learned that the Marine had endured a painful and difficult recovery, but that he had made it and lived a long and very full life before passing away in 2012. As Mike said, “That in itself made it all worth it.”
That Marine was one of many men Mike saved. Throughout those four days, Mike treated an astounding 60 to 70 men. Their company disrupted the enemy’s continual resupply of weapons, saving countless of additional American lives.
Today, we are joined by many of Mike’s brothers-in-arms who fought alongside him in Operation Tailwind, along with brave airmen and Marines who provided critical support throughout the mission. As Mike put it, “If it wasn’t for those air crews, all of us would still be in Laos.”
Among those here today are 10 members of Mike’s unit. Please stand up as I call your name: Sergeant Major Morris Adair, Sergeant Don Boudreau, First Sergeant Bernie Bright, Captain Pete Landon, Sergeant Jim Lucas, Lieutenant Colonel Gene McCarley, First Sergeant Denver Minton, Sergeant Keith Plancich, Specialist Five Craig Schmidt, and Staff Sergeant Dave Young.
Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
To Mike and all the servicemembers who fought in the battle: You've earned the eternal gratitude of the entire American nation. You faced down the evils of communism, you defended our flag, and you showed the world the unbreakable resolve of the American Armed Forces. Thank you. And thank you very much.
After serving in Operation Tailwind, Mike went on to become an officer in the Army and served for over 20 years.
Now Mike and his wife, Margaret -- Margaret, stand up, Margaret. (Applause.) I met Margaret. Margaret is lovely -- reside in a fantastic place, where I just left -- Huntsville, Alabama -- where he lives by a core conviction: You serve your country by fixing your block or fixing your neighborhood.
Mike volunteers with the American Legion, the Knights of Columbus, and many other organizations. He volunteers at a local soup kitchen, fixes broken appliances for elderly and disabled neighbors, donates his hair for those suffering from cancer, makes lunches for children in need, and organizes community gatherings to bring people closer together -- which is something we need all over the world and certainly in our country.
He's a loyal friend to his fellow servicemembers, many of whom are, in addition, here today. And every Wednesday, Kaitlyn and Christian come over for homework night with grandpa and grandma.
I think Kaitlyn and Christian will agree -- and I just met them. You have to stand up. Come on, Christian. Come on. Kaitlyn. (Applause.) But I think that Kaitlyn and Christian will agree this fieldtrip is their best homework assignment yet. Right? What do you think, Christian? (Laughter.) Yes? He said yes.
I'm told that recently Christian asked his grandfather, “What exactly is the Congressional Medal of Honor?” That is a wonderful question, Christian. It’s the award given to America’s bravest heroes who earn our freedom with their sacrifice. Those who receive the Medal of Honor went above and beyond the call of duty to protect their fellow servicemembers and defend our nation.
Kaitlyn and Christian, you are about to witness your grandpa receive our nation’s highest military honor, and America is about to witness Captain Gary Michael Rose recognized as the true American hero that he is: a patriot who never gives up, never gives in, and always stands strong for God, for family, and for country.
Mike, we honor you, we thank you, we salute you, and with hearts full of admiration and pride, we present you with the Congressional Medal of Honor.
And now I would like the military aide to come forward and read the citation.
Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
MILITARY AIDE: The President of the United States of America, authorized for by Act of Congress, March 3rd, 1863, has awarded, in the name of Congress, The Medal of Honor, to Sgt. Gary M. Rose, United States Army for conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty.
Sergeant Gary M. Rose distinguished himself by acts of gallantry and intrepidity while serving as a Special Forces Medic with a company-sized exploitation force, Special Operations Augmentation, Command and Control Central, 5th Special Forces Group (Airborne), 1st Special Forces, Republic of Vietnam.
Between 11 and 14 September 1970, Sergeant Rose’s company was continuously engaged by a well-armed and numerically superior hostile force deep in enemy-controlled territory. Enemy B-40 rockets and mortar rounds rained down while the adversary sprayed the area with small arms and machine gun fire, wounding many and forcing everyone to seek cover.
Sergeant Rose, braving the hail of bullets, sprinted fifty meters to a wounded soldier’s side. He then used his own body to protect the casualty from further injury while treating his wounds. After stabilizing the casualty, Sergeant Rose carried him through the bullet-ridden combat zone to protective cover.
As the enemy accelerated the attack, Sergeant Rose continuously exposed himself to intense fire as he fearlessly moved from casualty to casualty, administering life-saving aid.
A B-40 rocket impacted just meters from Sergeant Rose, knocking him from his feet and injuring his head, hand, and foot. Ignoring his wounds, Sergeant Rose struggled to his feet and continued to render aid to the other injured soldiers.
During an attempted medevac, Sergeant Rose again exposed himself to enemy fire as he attempted to hoist wounded personnel up to the hovering helicopter, which was unable to land due to unsuitable terrain.
The medevac mission was aborted due to intense enemy fire and the helicopter crashed a few miles away due to the enemy fire sustained during the attempted extraction.
Over the next two days, Sergeant Rose continued to expose himself to enemy fire in order to treat the wounded, estimated to be half of the company’s personnel. On September 14, during the company’s eventual helicopter extraction, the enemy launched a full-scale offensive.
Sergeant Rose, after loading wounded personnel on the first set of extraction helicopters, returned to the outer perimeter under enemy fire, carrying friendly casualties and moving wounded personnel to more secure positions until they could be evacuated.
He then returned to the perimeter to help repel the enemy under [until] the final extraction helicopter arrived. As the final helicopter was loaded, the enemy began to overrun the company’s position, and the helicopter’s Marine door gunner was shot in the neck.
Sergeant Rose instantly administered critical medical treatment onboard the helicopter, saving the Marine’s life. The helicopter carrying Sergeant Rose crashed several hundred meters from the extraction point, further injuring Sergeant Rose and the personnel on board.
Despite his numerous wounds from the past three days, Sergeant Rose continued to pull and carry unconscious and wounded personnel out of the burning wreckage and continued to administer aid to the wounded until another extraction helicopter arrived.
Sergeant Rose’s extraordinary heroism and selflessness above and beyond the call of duty were critical to saving numerous lives over that four-day time period. His actions are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit upon himself, the 1st Special Forces, and the United States Army.
(The Medal of Honor is presented.) (Applause.)
(A prayer is given.) (Applause.)
END 3:47 P.M. EDT1:51 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Please sit. I'm honored to welcome Prime Minister Lee of Singapore to the White House today. Thank you, Mr. Prime Minister.
PRIME MINISTER LEE: Thank you, Mr. President.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I want to thank you for visiting us, and your entire group of very, very talented people that we're dealing with. Our friendship has never been stronger than it is right now.
Singapore is one of our closest strategic partners in Asia. The United States is proud of the deep and enduring partnership we have built since Singapore gained its independence more than half-a-century ago.
Singapore’s rapid development from a poor island nation to an economic powerhouse, under the leadership of the Prime Minister’s great father -- he was a great man; he really was a great man -- has been one of the incredible economic and political achievements of the past 50 years.
Singapore’s strong commitment to the rule of law, to international [intellectual] property protections, and to the principles of fair and reciprocal -- one of my favorite words when it comes to trade -- has made the country a magnet for business. Today, over 4,000 American companies are operating in Singapore, and we have a very large trading relationship with Singapore.
Earlier today, the Prime Minister and I witnessed a contract signing between Singapore Airlines -- a great airline -- and Boeing worth more than $13.8 billion. I want to thank the Singaporean people for their faith in the American engineering and American workers. And our American workers deliver the best product, by far. Our robust partnership extends far beyond economic cooperation and trade.
Mr. Prime Minister, as your father rightly noted, “The development of the economy is very important, but equally important is the development of the nature of our society.” So true.
The United States and Singapore share a profound belief in a society built on a foundation of law. A nation ruled by law provides the greatest security for the rights of citizens and the best path to shared and lasting prosperity. Both the United States and Singapore understand the unmatched power of private enterprise to uplift the human condition. These values have made our societies stronger, sustained our partnership through the Cold War, and laid a critical foundation for our lasting relationship today.
Our common values and interests have led to a vital security relationship. Throughout Southeast Asia, the United States and Singapore are currently working to enhance the capacity of law enforcement, fight terrorism, and bolster cyber defenses. Our two nations also share an unwavering commitment to countering the North Korean threat and promoting freedom of navigation in the South China Sea.
Singapore was the first Southeast Asian nation to join the coalition to defeat ISIS. That was very far thinking. You were there before most. More than 1,000 of its military personnel train here in the United States every single year.
When Hurricane Harvey struck our Gulf Coast in late August, Singapore deployed its own helicopters to help transport personnel and critical resources to areas in need. And the Prime Minister told me that and called me, and made that request himself. It was a great help, and we want to thank you very much -- the use of your helicopters.
When the American Navy destroyer, the USS John McCain, suffered a collision at the sea, Singapore came to our immediate assistance. On behalf of all Americans, I want to thank the Prime Minister and the people of Singapore for their support, which has been tremendous, and for their friendship.
In a few weeks, I will attend the U.S.-ASEAN Summit in the Philippines, where we will celebrate the 40th anniversary of U.S.-ASEAN relations. I look forward to continuing our discussions at this year’s summit and to seeing the great things Singapore will accomplish as ASEAN chair in 2018. In other words, this great gathering will take place in Singapore in 2018.
Mr. Prime Minister, thank you for your continuing partnership and leadership. The U.S.-Singapore relationship has made both of our people far more prosperous and secure, and our values have made us longstanding friends. We are fortunate to have such a wonderful and loyal partner. Thank you very much.
PRIME MINISTER LEE: Thank you, Mr. President. (Applause.)
Mr. President, ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to thank President Trump for his very warm hospitality. I'm very happy to visit him in Washington following our first meeting, which was at the G20 Summit in Hamburg in July.
We had a wide-ranging exchange in the Oval Office and then over lunch. We reaffirmed the robust and enduring partnership between Singapore and the United States over the last 51 years. It's a deep and wide relationship with substantial cooperation in economic, defense, and security spheres. And we also discussed what more we could do to take it forward.
On the economic front, the U.S. is an important partner for many countries in Asia, just as Asia is an important economic partner for the United States.
Singapore is a small country -- we're just 5.5 million -- but we have sizable investments and trade with the U.S., and these continue to grow. For example, we are the second largest Asian investor in the U.S., with more than 70 billion U.S. dollars in stock investments, and our total trade in goods and services amounted to more than $68 billion last year.
The U.S. has consistently run a substantial trade surplus with Singapore. Last year, it stood at $18 billion. In other words, America exported $43 billion of goods and services to Singapore.
And on a per capita basis, we must be one of the highest-buying American customers in the world -- $7,500 worth of American goods and services yearly: iPhones, pharmaceutical products, tires, golf clubs, financial and consultancy services. I mean the sticks, not the associations. (Laughter.) And I discovered recently, looking at my sports shoes, at my New Balance shoes, which are very good -- are made in the U.S., probably in New England.
And of course, we buy Boeing jets. President Trump and I just witnessed a signing between Singapore Airlines and Boeing for SIA to purchase 39 Boeing aircraft worth 13.8 billion U.S. dollars. It's a win-win for both sides. It will further modernize SIA's fleet and will also support many American jobs.
Our defense ties are very strong. Singapore supports a military presence in Asia. Since 1990, we have hosted USAF and Navy aircraft and ships on rotational deployments. We thank the U.S. for hosting more than 1,000 Singapore military personnel each year in training detachments in the United States.
We have forces at Luke Air Force Base in Phoenix and in Marana, also in Arizona; at Mountain Home Air Base in Idaho; at Grand Prairie in Texas; and in Fort Sill, Oklahoma, where I spent three months many years ago.
In fact, our Chinooks and military personnel in Grand Prairie were deployed to assist in the Hurricane Harvey disaster relief operations, and we are glad to have been of some help to our very gracious hosts.
We have a close partnership, too, on security cooperation, including transnational security, terrorism, and cybersecurity. Singapore has lent early and consistent support to the defeat- ISIS coalition. We were one of the first countries to participate and are still the only Asian country to have contributed both military assets and personnel. And as I told President Trump when we met, Singapore will extend our existing deployment to the operation into 2018 for an additional year.
President Trump and I naturally discussed the situation on the Korean Peninsula. We strongly oppose the nuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, as it affects the peace and stability of the region.
And like the U.S., we condemn the DPRK's dangerous provocations. These pose a serious threat to regional and international peace and stability.
I shared with President Trump what Singapore has done to pressure and to isolate the DPRK, going beyond U.N. Security Council resolutions. But there is no quick and easy solution. Pressure is necessary but so is dialogue. The U.S. will need to work with others, including China, South Korea, and Japan, and Russia to resolve the issue.
President Trump will be visiting China in a few weeks' time as part of his first visit to Asia. Singapore, like many other countries, watched your relations with China very closely. It's the most important bilateral relationship in the world.
China is the U.S.'s third largest export market for both goods and services; for agricultural exports, it's the second largest. They buy soybeans, grains, and cotton, as well as farming machinery. And I am quite sure that as their incomes go up, they will buy more and more good American beef.
I express my hope that the U.S. will be able to maintain a stable and constructive relationship with China, engaging each other at the highest levels, building trust, establishing institutional mechanisms.
Good U.S.-China relations will benefit the region and the world. They will enable countries in the Asia Pacific, including America and China themselves, to enjoy regional stability, peace, and prosperity.
Finally, I look forward to seeing President Trump again in Vietnam and the Philippines next month to attend the APEC and ASEAN and East Asia Summit meetings.
His presence in Asia will mean a lot to America's many friends and allies in the region, and it will open doors and develop markets for U.S. exporters and investors.
Although the President is not visiting Singapore this time around, I have invited him to visit Singapore at the earliest opportunity, and I'm very glad that he has accepted.
Singapore will be the ASEAN chair next year, and we hope to strengthen our ties -- ASEAN's ties -- with the United States and further ASEAN-U.S. cooperation.
Thank you very much.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much, everybody.
END 2:03 P.M. EDTPRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. It's a great honor to have Prime Minister Lee of Singapore with us and his representatives at the highest level.
We've just signed an order with Boeing for almost $14 billion worth of airplanes. We do a lot of business with Singapore. The relationship now is at its highest point and it will continue. It will continue.
So, Mr. Prime Minister, thank you very much. It's an honor to have you in the White House.
PRIME MINISTER LEE: Well, thank you very much for inviting me and my delegation. We have a very good relationship with the United States, and we hope to take it forward further.
PRESIDENT TRUMP : Thank you.
PRIME MINISTER LEE: And I'm very happy at the deal between SIA and Boeing. SIA is not a bad airline -- (laughter) -- and they try their best to buy the best airplanes, and I'm quite sure they've made a good decision.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: That's because they buy Boeing, right? (Laughter.)
That's great. Thank you very much.
Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much.
END
12:53 P.M. EDTPRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much. We have Prime Minister Lee, a highly respected man. Singapore, doing well; continues to do well. You never even see a downturn in Singapore, so -- I guess you don't agree with that. (Laughter.) But I would say looking from the outside, you never see a downturn.
I just want to congratulate you on having done a fantastic job. The relationship that we've had over the years has been very good, but it's never been closer than now. And we'll be spending a lot of time.
One of the things we'll be doing in a short period time is signing, together, a very large contract where Singapore is buying billions of dollars' worth of airplanes from Boeing that will be made in our country. So that's jobs. And you're also buying the best plane, by the way. So that's very good.
So I just want to thank Prime Minister Lee. Thank you very much.
PRIME MINISTER LEE: Well, thank you very much. Very happy to be here with you and to be here at a time when our relations are prospering. And we look forward to taking them forward, deepening them, and strengthening them for many years to come, and starting with this administration.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: That's very good. I think it will never be stronger.
PRIME MINISTER LEE: Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: And I'll be going over to that part of the world in two weeks, and stopping in numerous countries, including, as you know, Japan, South Korea, China. We're going to be stopping in Vietnam and probably the Philippines also. So it will be a very busy 10 or 11 days.
PRIME MINISTER LEE: A very important trip. We look forward to meeting you and to hearing your message.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Very good. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody.
Q Any closer on Fed Chair?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Very close, thanks.
Q Okay, let me know.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Very, very close.
END 12:17 P.M. EDT11:48 A.M. EDT
(In progress.) We've gotten to know each other extremely well over the last couple of weeks. And I can tell you you're a hardworking governor. It's a tough situation. So much has to be rebuilt, even from before. The difference between Texas and Florida and various places is we're looking at designs of a new power plant, a big electrical plant, and many different designs and concepts, which, of course, is very unusual because it was in pretty rough shape prior, and now it's in even rougher shape.
With that being said, I think we've done a really great job and we've had tremendous cooperation from the governor. And we are getting there, and people are really seeing the effort that's been put into Puerto Rico. It's been a very, very difficult situation for many people, I will say that, and especially the island nature. If you look at getting food there, we did. The distribution was very difficult because the roads were blocked and even the people of Puerto Rico couldn’t get to their food, in many cases because of the distribution centers, and the roads were in really horrific shape because of the storm, and sometimes because of before the storm.
But with that being said, step by step it's taken care of. And I say we have a wonderful, and the people of Puerto Rico have a wonderful representative with respect to themselves in this governor. This governor has worked as hard as anybody I've seen, and getting done.
So I want to just thank you for all your help. Thank you very much.
GOVERNOR ROSSELLÓ: Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you for setting this opportunity. It's a catastrophic situation in Puerto Rico, as you know. It is the only time where two Category 4, Category 5 hurricanes have passed back to back in a jurisdiction in the United States. But certainly working in a united front, we are going to beat this, and we know we're going to build better than before.
And today, it's an example, Mr. President. I don’t think in the history of Puerto Rico we've had the opportunity we have today to sit with members of your Cabinet, decision-makers, and not only talk about what we've done but also the path forward, to establish our commitment to treat the citizens of Puerto Rico, the U.S. citizens -- proud U.S. citizens of Puerto Rico -- equally.
So while there has been a lot done and I want to thank you personally, Mr. President -- you answered our call for the pre-land emergency declaration; you declared Puerto Rico a disaster area very quickly, at a verbal request that we made, because we didn’t have electricity at that moment; you gave us the waiver for A and B for FEMA; and staunch communication with all of your members now -- we recognize that a lot of business has been done, but a lot still has to be done.
So we're hopeful that with these meetings that we're doing to have, we're going to talk about the immediate needs for Puerto Rico, what we need to do to get out of the life-sustaining phase, what we need to do to stabilize Puerto Rico, and, of course, what we need to do to build Puerto Rico stronger and better than before.
I am confident that, with your commitments and with your support, Mr. President, and with your team's support, we will be able to come out of this in the long haul, together with Puerto Rico, and give the U.S. citizens of Puerto Rico the adequate resources, treat us the same as citizens in Texas, in Florida, and elsewhere. And we will come out of this stronger, and we will make it innovating, Mr. President.
I know you are a proponent of public-private partnerships, and I think there is an opportunity here to leverage growth in the energy sector and to be innovative -- not only rebuild what we had in the past but also, with the aid of the federal government and with the private sector, rebuild a much modern, much stronger platform, and not only have Puerto Rico have energy but actually be a model of sustainable energy and growth towards the future.
Those are our aspirations. I think we can talk about that in the education sector, in the healthcare sector. And those are all of our aspirations. We are confident that within this group we will start addressing those poignant, short-term needs, but also talking about the long road ahead working together, working together with your administration.
And again, I want to thank you on behalf of the people of Puerto Rico for your leadership, for your team's leadership, and for having a commitment to stay with the people of Puerto Rico, with the U.S. citizens of Puerto Rico, here for the long haul -- to not just put things back together again but to rebuild them as it should be.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you, Governor. One of the things we have done is delivered to the island massive numbers of generators for electricity, because with the power plants down and in such bad shape, we really had to find some way to get it, especially for the hospitals and certain other areas. And we have -- I don’t know if it's record numbers, but it's got to be pretty close -- record numbers of generators so that we have electric in the most important locations, and step by step bringing it back. But you can't really bring electric back until you rebuild the power plant, and that's obviously a different level of subject.
With that, I will say that I have given my blessing to Congress, and Congress is working with you and your representatives on coming up with a plan and a payment plan, and how it's all going to be funded -- because you are talking about some substantial numbers, and I guess you knew that. But I know you were talking about rebuilding your electric plant long before the hurricane; you've been wanting to do that for a long time. So maybe this is a reason that we can do it. And we'll help you and we'll all do it together.
But I will say this: The people of Puerto Rico are amazing, just incredible people. The spirit they have, the strength they have. What they've gone through -- many were isolated in areas where there were no roads, there were no bridges, the bridges were wiped out. It really was incredible to watch this spirit that they have, and they did it with grace. They did it with a smile, in many cases. It was really something beautiful to watch.
So just please extend all of our warmest regards. And we're with you.
GOVERNOR ROSSELLÓ: Thank you so much.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much.
Q Mr. President, last week in a tweet, sir, you suggested that there was a limit to the federal emergency involvement in response to the Puerto Rico hurricanes. How long are you willing to commit federal resources to not just the recovery, but the rebuilding of Puerto Rico? And what do you and Governor Rosselló know about reports of widespread corruption among local officials in the distribution of emergency supplies? Apparently the FBI (inaudible).
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I'm working very closely with the government on that because there has been corruption on the island, and we can't have that. You know, we're sending a lot of supplies, we're sending tremendous amounts of food and water and everything. And I know your folks are working on that very hard.
GOVERNOR ROSSELLÓ: That's right.
THE PRESIDENT: But we just can't have it.
When it comes to Texas, as an example, and Florida, you know how smooth that's been. It's operating like a well-oiled machine. But they are really going well, and the people are working very hard. And in Puerto Rico, they're working hard too, but we have gotten some of those reports from -- on a local basis. And I think the governor will be able to do something about that. I hope you're going to be able to something about that.
GOVERNOR ROSSELLÓ: Yes. Of course, sir. If you want, I can brief you a little bit on what we're doing.
We've gotten some reports that food was getting, either from FEMA or from the private sector or not-for-profits, to the different municipalities and they weren't being distributed appropriately. So we did three things:
Number one, we got the National Guard to go over to all the municipalities and help with the logistics in case it was just a matter of not knowing how to execute.
Number two, we had auditors from our treasury department go so that we can have accountability on what food goes in and what food goes out to the people of Puerto Rico.
Number three, very importantly, we had our department of justice go and is investigating whether there has mismanagement of foods because it is unacceptable. And as I stated the first day --
THE PRESIDENT: By the way, not by the federal. This is local we're talking about. Just so we all understand. I think -- Brock is here and Tom is here -- I think they've done an incredible job. But we're now talking on a local basis, and I think, John, that was your question also.
Q It was.
GOVERNOR ROSSELLÓ: Yes. And we are following up on that. And as I stated the first day, if there is a public official that is purposefully mishandling the food that should go to the people of Puerto Rico, there is going to be some hell to pay.
Q And then, Mr. President, the length of time you're willing to commit federal resources to the recovery?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I can say that for anywhere. I can say that for any place we go. You know, at some point FEMA has to leave, first responders have to leave, and the people have to take over. Puerto Rico is a more difficult circumstance, as you can understand, John. But at a certain point, we have to leave the various locations that we're in.
We were in Louisiana, and they have done a fantastic job. They were sort of grazed, but Lake Charles and the various areas were hit pretty hard. But it was a grazing hit. We worked there, and they've taken over and been fantastic. In Texas and Florida, it's been incredible to watch. It's really been incredible to watch how quickly things are coming together.
But at a certain time, FEMA and first responders, and, by the way, the military -- we have close to 18,000 people in Puerto Rico right now. We moved a hospital ship; I believe it's the largest in the world. It's there now. You know, you don't want to use it as much if you can have the local hospitals; that's better in many ways.
But we have tremendous assets in Puerto Rico. You know, at some point, no matter where it is, whether it's Texas or whether it's Florida, it ends. But I can say in the case of Texas and the case of Florida and the case of Louisiana, some areas also got grazed, and they have been incredible in the response and incredible in how fast it's coming back. And in many cases, areas that were devastated are already back.
this instance, it's a more difficult situation. But I think the governor understands that FEMA, the military, first responders cannot be there forever. And no matter where you go, they cannot be there forever.
GOVERNOR ROSSELLÓ: If I may just briefly add to that. That is the importance of the short-term and long-term packages that will be in Congress, right? We're going to need some resources.
Of course, FEMA is there for the initial response. There is some rebuilding to go through. So that's why we're thankful to the President for supporting these petitions to Congress so that we can get the resources, liquidity to kick-start the economy, and, of course, the long-term rebuilding process.
And this is very important. You know, the President has been clear on stating that no U.S. citizen will be left behind. We will be working. And this is the way we work towards making a better America and a better Puerto Rico.
Q But what about --
THE PRESIDENT: Excuse me. You have areas in Puerto Rico where we literally had, and still have to -- but it's getting less and less -- deliver food and supplies by helicopter because the roads have been wiped out and the bridges have been wiped out. There's no way to get there except by helicopter. And those are difficult situations, and we're working with the governor and the folks on getting it taken care of. But we are literally delivering supplies dropped by helicopter.
And with that being said, I have to also say our military and our first responders, and Brock Long and FEMA and Tom, the job they've done has been incredible. But we are delivering very essential supplies by helicopter because there’s no way to get to the area of the island. And the folks have done an incredible job.
Brock, would you like to say something?
ADMINISTRATOR LONG: So every day we continue. Right now, the focus is on restoring essential services. We've stabilized a lot of the emergency power needs of hospitals, and we're starting to focus and work with the governor today on rebuilding power grids going forward, as well as water treatment, waste water, roadway systems. So we're going to continue to support the governor.
We're looking at trying to specifically restore the essential power, or the essential functions to six major municipalities within Puerto Rico that service about 80 percent of the population, starting there, and then working our way out.
So the traditional recovery is going to require a solution far greater than what FEMA typically puts down. But that's why we're here today working with Governor Rosselló and the President and all of the Cabinet members to figure out what the best way forward is for the longer-term solutions.
THE PRESIDENT: There’s never been a situation where power and energy have been so devastated -- never -- you know, where you don't have a power plant. Because power plants -- you don't fix them up, and we're not just putting a pole up in the street, like in Texas where you’d put up the poles, and then Florida actually had a lot of underground wire, which is great. It would be wonderful if you could have underground wire. It makes it a lot better in these storms. But there’s never been a situation where the energy and the power has been totally destroyed.
And part of the problem is that it was pretty well destroyed before the storm, and we're working together to get that back up, but also to make it long term, which I think you have to. They were working on long-terming it prior to the storm, so now they really are working on it.
GOVERNOR ROSSELLÓ: And that's part of the mitigation strategy. Again, I can't stress enough how important it is that we keep this for the long haul; that we work together so that we can make sure that we don't just put things back, again, as they were, but that we make them better than before.
And I think that is the critical -- it is better for all the U.S. citizens that this happens. I think in Puerto Rico, again, looking at the long term, recognizing that we're still at the emergency phase, this could allow Puerto Rico to be a showcase in terms of energy production and others by way of mitigating and innovating.
Q Mr. President, between one and ten, how would you grade the White House response so far?
THE PRESIDENT: I’d say it was a 10. I’d say it was probably the most difficult when you talk about relief, when you talk about search, when you talk about all of the different levels, and even when you talk about lives saved. If you look at the number -- I mean, this was -- I think it was worse than Katrina. It was in many ways worse than anything people have ever seen.
They got hit by a Category 4 -- grazed -- but grazed about a big portion of the island, but it was grazed. The rest of it hit Florida, as you know. But that was bad. But then they got hit dead-center -- if you look at those maps -- by a Category 5. Nobody has ever heard of a five hitting land. Usually by that time it’s dissipated. It hit right through -- and kept to a five -- it hit right through the middle of the island, right through the middle of Puerto Rico. There’s never been anything like that.
I give ourselves a 10. I think that, locally, there -- I really think, locally, they have in this gentleman great leadership. I have to tell you, it’s a tough job. But we have provided so much, so fast. We were actually there before the storm hit. We were there before the first one, before the Category 4 hit.
Brock and the military and a lot of people were there before the storm. We had the Coast Guard waiting for the storm just outside the storm, and following the storm in. Many lives saved. The Coast Guard in Texas saved 16,000 lives. The Coast Guard is incredible, incredible -- the job they've done.
But all of the armed forces, what they've done has been -- Army, Navy, the Marines, the Air Force -- all of the goods dropped in. Helicopters that weren’t even meant for this purpose, all of a sudden they're delivering food and services. I would give a 10.
I would say, locally -- and I understand locally. A person loses his or her or their house, and then they can't go to work. If you lose your house, it’s hard to go and be a policeman for the day. You're trying to have your family live, frankly. This is what happened to so many people. You read that they had no truck drivers in Puerto Rico. Well, they have a lot of truck drivers in Puerto Rico, but many of them lost their houses, so they had to be with their families. So we would have the military driving trucks. They're not supposed to be driving trucks. It’s not their -- it’s not even their aptitude. Some of them didn't really know how to drive trucks, but they learned very quickly. They're smart.
But we had the military, in many cases, driving trucks because it’s not the people’s fault; they lost their house. They were devastated. And I think we did a fantastic job. And we are being given credit.
It was very nice that the gentleman who worked for Bill Clinton, when he was President, gave us an A-plus, and that included Puerto Rico. Gave us an A-plus. And I thought that was really very nice. And I think -- I really believe he’s correct. We have done a really great job.
Texas, again, really -- very far along. Florida very far along. And Puerto Rico is a different kind of a situation because it needs so much infrastructure. But over a period of time, that will happen.
Q Do you think Puerto Rico should become a state? Would that make this easier?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, we're not talking about that now. You'll get me into trouble with that question, right? We'll hold that one for -- how about we hold that one, Mike, for a later time, right?
Q (In Spanish.)
GOVERNOR ROSSELLÓ: In Spanish or --
Q (In Spanish.)
THE PRESIDENT: And then you can interpret.
GOVERNOR ROSSELLÓ: That's right. Will do.
(In Spanish.)
I'll say a brief version in English.
THE PRESIDENT: I like it better in Spanish. (Laughter.) That was beautiful.
GOVERNOR ROSSELLÓ: I like it, too.
So my job as a governor is to state what the facts are, number one, and to establish robust expectations for the people of Puerto Rico and for the U.S. citizens of Puerto Rico.
The facts are that every petition that we have made to the President of the United States until this moment -- it has been answered. It has been answered. The reality is that we still need to do a lot more for the people of Puerto Rico, and that's why we're meeting here. This is not over -- not over by a longshot.
And again, it is the President's commitment to work with the U.S. citizens of Puerto Rico; to treat us equally on this event; to make sure that those 250,000 that have lost their homes get equal treatment; that we can start restoring the more than 42 roads that have been destroyed in Puerto Rico; that we can lift up our energy grid, and that is something that needs to start happening now.
And I petitioned the Corps of Engineers, I petitioned FEMA and our Power Authority to work together so that we can be aggressive and we can get results for the people of Puerto Rico in restoring energy as soon as possible while keeping an eye on having the opportunity to have a better system for Puerto Rico.
You know, Mr. President, the United States has been characterized for taking extraordinary measures in extraordinary times. These are extraordinary times in Puerto Rico, therefore these are extraordinary times in the United States.
Q (Inaudible) predictions for the budget --
THE PRESIDENT: I think we’ll be successful tonight. It will be possibly sometime in the morning, maybe sooner. I think we have the votes for the budget, which will be phase one of our massive tax cuts and reform. But I think we'll be successful tonight with respect to the budget.
I think you probably know you can count the votes, maybe better than most people. But I think we have the votes, and, frankly, I think we have the votes for the tax cuts which will follow fairly shortly thereafter. So we'll see what happens.
But I will tell you, our country needs tax cuts. I mean, these are examples, when you look at what we just went through with Texas and Florida and Louisiana and Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands.
You look at, you know -- we need growth. We need people who are going to be pouring into our country. And we have that now. You know, we're starting to have that. We're starting to have that even on the prospect of tax cuts. We have companies -- you saw last week -- car company -- massive improvements and expansions and, in some cases, brand new plants. They're coming in.
Foxconn is building a -- as you know, they make the Apple iPhones and more. They're going to build a fantastic plant. I think it's going to be in the state of Wisconsin. And hopefully, it's going to be there. We've been showing that land. It's a beautiful piece of land. I hope they like it. But that will be one of the biggest in the country. I think Apple is going to be building some very, very big plants. People are starting to say, hey, this is where we want to be.
And you see the stock market. We hit an all-time high yesterday, and I think we've hit it about 49 times, Mike.
So we're really doing well, but we can do something very, very spectacular if we're given the tax cuts. We're one of the highest-taxed nations in the world. You look at our taxes compared to other competitive nations or competitor nations -- because I think nothing is competitive with this, but I'm a little biased, but that's the way it is. But you look at how high we pay and how much we pay. And our companies, they leave because the taxes are so high.
If we get this done, it will be historic. It will be bigger than any plan ever approved or -- ever. It will be the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country.
And I can tell you, we have tremendous support for this. So the budget is going probably fairly late tonight. They'll be working late tonight. Could be one of those morning calls that you'll be watching your television at three o'clock in the morning, and it could be sooner than that.
But I think we have the votes. And right after the budget, we start with a vote on -- as you know -- on the tax cuts. And I think we're in very good shape.
Q Mr. President, who's going to pay for the infrastructure recovery in Puerto Rico?
THE PRESIDENT: In Puerto Rico, we're going to working systems, we're going to be dealing with Congress, we're going to be coming before -- meaning, far before -- any existing debt that's on the island, because as you know, the island has massive debt. Just their -- as we talk about the electrical facilities, I think they have $9 billion in debt. Well, any debt that's put in will be coming before that debt. We want to make sure we put in debt and that debt is absolutely protected.
In addition to that, we're providing tremendous relief and services right now, and we'll continue to provide that for a period of time. And then a new group will come in, and the new group will be more building-oriented when things are perfect.
But we do have to come before the existing debt. They have, I guess, by some counts, $120 billion, if you add everything -- probably about $120 billion. Certainly any money that’s put in by people, whether it's public or private, they're going to want to come in first position. And that's very important, and I think the Governor understands that. I would imagine pretty much everyone understands that in Puerto Rico.
Q So no bailout for bondholders?
THE PRESIDENT: We're helping right now. We're helping a lot. This is costing a lot of money, having FEMA, having the military, having the first responders. And we're doing that because we have an obligation to Puerto Rico, to humanity. We have an obligation to ourselves. We want to continue to do a great job on that, and we're doing it.
No, but at some point you're going have to -- there's going to have to be reconstruction. And again, the biggest thing is the power plants. But there's going to have to be -- and it's pretty -- pretty bad when you have to say power plants are almost coming before bridges. But you have power plants that are needed, you have bridges that are needed, and you have roadways that are needed. That's something you don't see when you go into areas hit by hurricanes or disaster of almost any kind.
Q Mr. President, how much longer before the electricity is fully restored to the island?
THE PRESIDENT: Excuse me?
Q How much longer before electricity is fully restored?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, it's -- you know, it's a very, very good question, actually. As you know, much of the electric is done by generators that have been brought to the island, in massive numbers, as I said before. The plant itself is going to take a while. We have to build a brand-new plant. Or we have to do, essentially, a renovation that's so large it's going to be like a brand-new plant -- one or the other. We're looking at both right now.
But there's never been a case where power plants were gone. So this isn't just like -- you know, as I said, I don't want to just fix poles -- you cant just fix the poles. There's never been a case where power plants were gone. So it's going to be a period of time before the electric is restored.
Q Governor, between one and ten, how do you grade the White House response?
GOVERNOR ROSSELLÓ: As I've said, the President has answered all of our petitions, and this is still ongoing. So we expect that that'll continue. We're being very diligent, giving all of the data. And what we want to do -- and I sort of want to circle this -- this is a storm-centric approach to what happens.
There was a massive devastation and catastrophe in Puerto Rico, and our response should be to that. And that's why the first responder effort was there, and that's why the stabilization effort is there. That's why we set some very aggressive milestones, to restore energy in Puerto Rico. They'll have about 30 percent of the energy by the end of the month. By the middle of next month, about 50 percent, and so on. Because we want to make sure that people have that knowledge of where we're going to go, that they can stay in Puerto Rico, and they can be part of a rebuilding process.
What keeps -- what's going to keep the people there and what's going to keep this going is knowing that we have the backing of the White House and knowing that we're going to have the backing of Congress so that we can have the resources appropriate to attend to the storm and then be smart about it, be innovative, and restore Puerto Rico to a better position than before -- leveraging other stakeholders, private stakeholders, non-for-profits, people that want to innovate.
This is our opportunity, again, to showcase that Puerto Rico -- U.S. citizens of Puerto Rico can come out of this catastrophe stronger than ever before.
THE PRESIDENT: Governor, I just want to maybe ask you a question. Because for the spirit of these people that have worked so hard and so long, like Tom and like Brock, and like so many others, did the United States -- did our government -- when we came in, did we do a great job? Military, first responders, FEMA -- did we do a great job?
GOVERNOR ROSSELLÓ: You responded immediately, sir. And you did so -- Tom and Brock, they have been on the phone with me essentially every day since the disaster. We recognize that there are some logistical limitations that we have in Puerto Rico. We didn't have the ports open for a couple of days. We didn't have the airports working at full capacity until about a day or two ago.
So that was always a very limiting step. Buy if you consider that we've gotten -- even with those obstacles -- we've gotten about 15,000 DOD personnel in Puerto Rico, about 2,000 FEMA personnel, HHS and others -- the response is there. Do we need to do a lot more? Of course, we do. And I think everybody over here recognizes there's a lot of work to be done in Puerto Rico. But with your leadership, sir, and with everybody over here, we're committed to achieving that in the long run.
ADMINISTRATOR LONG: In the last 50 days, though, to put this into context for America: From the Virgin Islands to California, we've been working in 20 different states -- disasters in 20 different states. In the last 50 days, under the President's administration, we've registered close to 4 million Americans for individual assistance. That's more than Katrina, Rita, Wilma, and Sandy combined. It's been a tremendous effort.
THE PRESIDENT: This was actually bigger than anything we've seen, and yet I think our response was better than anyone has ever seen. And again, we were given an A-plus by the man who did this -- did what you were doing -- for the Clinton administration. And while I don't know him, I would like to thank him for what he said.
Q You were talking about government loans to build the power plant right, not government grants?
THE PRESIDENT: We're talking about possibly combinations of both. Congress is working right now with the people and representatives of Puerto Rico, and we're talking about potentially combinations of both.
Q Any thoughts on President Bush's speech?
THE PRESIDENT: I didn't see it. I didn't see it.
Q On healthcare, sir -- (inaudible) in the Rose Garden you talked about the Alexander-Murray healthcare plan as a good short-term solution, and then you seemed to back off in your evening speech to the Heritage Foundation, and your Press Secretary said yesterday, that you opposed it.
THE PRESIDENT: No, I like people working on plans at all time. I think ultimately block grants is the way to go where we block out the money to the states. You get better healthcare; you'll get it for less money. It will be more specific. A state is a smaller government and it can take better care of its people, especially where you have well-run states. We have governors that do a great job and, you know, states that do a good job.
If you look at Florida, if you look at Maine -- Maine really was very much anxious to do that. Various states -- Kentucky -- various states really wanted that block grant money. And for the most part, I think we have the vote for that. There will be a transition period, so anything they're working on will be short term. It will be absolutely short term, because ultimately it's going to be repeal and replace.
So I have great respect, as you know, for both of the senators that you mentioned, and if they can come up with a short-term solution. What I did say, though, is I don't want the insurance companies making any more money than they have to, because if you look at the stock prices of the insurance companies from the time of the creation of Obamacare with 300 and 400 percent -- and even more than that -- increases in their stock, they made a fortune off Obamacare. The people that need Obamacare are decimated. Premiums are up 40, 50, 60 percent, in some cases over 100 percent. In the case of Alaska, premiums are up over 200 percent. So anything that they are working on is a very short term -- meaning one year to two years, max. Because I think we have the votes, or we're certainly within one vote. And when you're within one vote, we're able to get a vote.
Senator Cochran, as an example -- I have such respect for him because he is not feeling great, I can tell you that. And he got on a plane in order to vote for the budget. And I have great respect for that man. I think it's incredible. But votes are very fragile, we found that out. We've seen that -- I've learned that. I thought we had it the last time, and somebody came out of the blue and voted against it. So now we start the process all over again.
But the block grant -- the concept of blocking it out, block grants to the states, that's what people want and that's what the states want. And that's especially what the well-run states want, because they will have healthcare that's so good, far better than anybody has ever even thought.
So again, I respect very much the two senators you're talking about. I love that they're working on it. I want them to be careful with respect to the insurance companies. Insurance companies are extremely good at making money, extremely talented at making money. And I want them to be careful with that.
We will probably like a very short-term solution until we hit the block grants, until that all kicks in. In other words, it doesn't just kick in the following day. There's a transition period. And if they can do something like that, I'm open to it, but I don't want it to be at the expense of the people. I want to take care of our people; I don't want to take care of our insurance companies. They've been very well taken care of over the last number of years, believe me.
Okay, thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: Uranium is a big subject. If the mainstream media would cover the uranium scandal and that Russia has 20 percent of uranium for whatever reason -- and a lot of people understand what those reasons may be -- I think that's your Russia story. That's your real Russia story. Not a story where they talk about collusion, and there was none. It was a hoax.
Your real Russia story is uranium and how they got all of that uranium -- a vast percentage of what we have. That is, to me, one of the big stories of the decade -- not just now -- of the decade.
The problem is that the mainstream media does not want to cover that story because that affects people that they protect. So they don't like covering that story. But the big story is uranium and how Russia got 20 percent of our uranium. And, frankly, it's a disgrace. It's a disgrace. And it's a disgrace that the fake news won't cover it. It's so sad.
Thank you very much everyone.
END
12:23 P.M. EDT1:46 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. I just want to make an initial comment that the stock market just hit an all-time record high. It broke, for the first time ever, 23,000. So we're very happy about that. I hope that Greece is going to be doing the same thing very soon. (Laughter.) I think they will.
But I'm honored to welcome Prime Minister Tsipras of Greece, and he's a special man who's done a very special job. We're grateful to the Prime Minister and to his entire delegation for visiting us today at the White House.
Greece is a cradle of Western civilization -- so true -- of democracy, literature, philosophy, science, and so much else. America looks on that glorious heritage with wonder and with awe. You do indeed have a tremendous heritage, Mr. Prime Minister.
Perhaps for this reason, America’s friendship with the Greek people has been long and enduring. Thomas Jefferson wrote at the dawn of the modern Greek state that “no people sympathize more” with Greek patriots and “none offer more sincere and ardent prayers to heaven for their success” than the American people.
Jefferson’s words are true to this day.
Mr. Prime Minister, I'm proud to report that this past March, we celebrated Greek Independence Day right here at the White House. And that was great.
America and Greece draw on this common history and heritage and on our peoples' abiding commitment to freedom and sovereignty in working together on great challenges and opportunities now before us. There are tremendous opportunities before us in so many different ways.
The Prime Minister and I have just concluded a very productive discussion on the cooperation between our two countries, including on matters of defense, energy, commerce, and trade.
I want to thank the Prime Minister and the Greek people for serving as gracious hosts to our U.S. naval forces at Souda Bay. I also commend Greece for being one of the few NATO countries currently spending at least 2 percent of GDP on defense.
My administration has also informed Congress of a potential sale to Greece to upgrade its F-16 aircraft. This agreement to strengthen the Hellenic Air Force is worth up to $2.4 billion and would generate thousands of American jobs.
We also are making great strides in our economic cooperation. The American people stand with the Greek people as they recover from the economic crisis that recently afflicted their nation. I have encouraged the Prime Minister in his continued implementation of reform and reform programs, and I have totally reaffirmed our support for a responsible debt-relief plan.
A strong and flourishing Greece provides immense opportunity for American trade, investment, and job creation. I thank the Prime Minister, his predecessors, and the Greek people for their efforts to return stability and prosperity to Greece.
On energy, we appreciate Greek contributions to European energy security through its support of the Trans Adriatic Pipeline, the Greece-Bulgaria Interconnector, and liquefied natural gas facilities that are capable of transporting diverse sources of energy to Europe, including potential liquefied natural gas exports from the United States, of which that particular route -- and business is getting bigger and bigger and bigger, as you know. These initiatives make both our people safer and create good jobs for our hardworking citizens.
Finally, I am also very proud that the United States will be the “Honored Country” at next year’s International Fair in Greece. This historic business and trade exhibition will showcase American technology, enterprise, and innovation on the world stage. We look very much forward to sending a high-level delegation to attend this wonderful event.
Mr. Prime Minister, thank you again for being here today and for your partnership in addressing critical issues facing our countries. I look forward to having many productive discussions with you, and to having a very close and warm cooperation on a wide range of shared objectives. We will build upon our foundation of shared history and shared values to pursue a future of security, prosperity, and peace for both your nation and ours.
Mr. Prime Minister, thank you very much.
PRIME MINISTER TSIPRAS: (As interpreted.) I would like to warmly thank the President of the United States for his hospitality and for these very productive discussions we had today.
The friendship between our two countries is very strong, and it’s based on our common democratic principles, on the values that we jointly share as peoples.
It is correct that the founders of the United States were inspired by Ancient Greece, and the Greek revolution was inspired by the American revolution for independence. At the same time, our relationship is based -- is also based on a very dynamic diaspora of Greek people here in the U.S., which offers many -- has many to offer for both countries.
As we underlined earlier, the Greek-U.S. relationships may be at their best compared to the past since the Second World War when our peoples worked together and fought together shoulder-to-shoulder against fascism. And I do believe that there are many reasons for this.
Today, our strategy is based on mutual respect, and it is fed by the significant support provided by the U.S. to Greece and to the Greek people during the hard times of the economic crisis, support for the exit of Greece from the crisis. And at this point, I would like to just focus a bit.
Greece today fulfills three basic objectives which do not only relate to Greece, but I would say that are of special significance at an international level.
First, it's dynamic coming out of a crisis, noting wonderful growth rates, and it’s beginning to attract investments and increase its exports, as we see as well from the Greek-U.S. balance of trade. And it’s leaving behind not only a crisis, but it’s leaving behind the economic model that led to the crisis.
Second, Greece today is the most significant pillar of security cooperation in one of the most important but, at the same time, unstable, sensitive areas of the planet: a country with a dynamic, multi-dimensional foreign policy; a country which is a reliable partner and ally of the United States, which fulfills its NATO obligations. And it is in close cooperation in the defense sector with the United States. It’s a country which maintains the dialogue with Turkey despite the difficulties that we face and the challenges, but knowing the very important European course of Turkey.
It’s a country, also, that promotes cooperation with the Middle East and the Balkans, which contribute to the security and the growth of the area.
And third, Greece, being already pretty strong in maritime and tourism, is gradually becoming a significant crossroads for transportation and energy. I would like to mention the completion of the TAP pipeline and the EastMed pipeline; the agreement for a floating -- for an LNG station in Alexandroupolis, which is northeast Greece, and the prospect that Alexandroupolis will be an area where we can receive exports -- imports from the United States of fracking.
And I would like to mention our ports from Athens and Thessaloniki, and the promotion of strong and fast rail connections with the rest of the Balkans. And in this context, it’s very clear that our strategic cooperation with the United States is becoming more important than ever.
First of all, we look forward -- because we look forward -- and this is a significant message of my visit here and my meeting with economic representatives -- we look forward to attracting U.S. investments and the more substantial support of the U.S. in our effort to exit this horrible crisis.
The fact that the United States will be the honored country in 2018 in the International Fair of Thessaloniki will play a significant role in this effort.
Second, because Greece can develop dynamically in creating a pillar of stability and security only if it is freed from the fundamental national concerns in the areas of security and defense.
The United States have a significant role to play in this matter, not only in the diplomatic but also in the defense sector. And we look forward, in this context, in the fair and viable solution in this separate issue based on the decisions of the U.N. Security Council, a solution for the benefit of all Cypriots without guarantors or occupying military forces that will give a new perspective to the area. But at the same time, we are underlining that the dangerous intervention-type presence of Turkey in the Aegean must end. It undermines on a daily basis the relationship between two NATO allies in a broader unstable and sensitive area.
Greece is a country that's always open to dialogue, but I want to be very clear: It will always protect decisively its sovereignty rights against illicit claims and disputes.
And with these thoughts, I would like to warmly thank President Trump for his -- for the wonderful discussions we held, which I believe will give a very substantial push to the existing dynamic cooperation. And I believed and I said we created a work group between the ministers of economy, the secretaries for the economy so we can monitor the ability to have a substantial cooperation in investment, in economy, and in all sectors.
Thank you very much, sir.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We'll take a few questions. John, go ahead, please.
Q Thank you, Mr. President. Good to see you out in the Rose Garden again. We seem to be
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you.
Q You seem to do this on occasion.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: It's a nice place.
Q I have a question for the Prime Minister in a moment, if I could. But first, sir, you said just a short time ago that Obamacare is virtually dead. Your plans for Graham-Cassidy have not been able to get off the ground in the Senate. There is no idea whether or not it will in early 2018. You've been picking around the edges, to some degree, with the executive orders, some of which critics say are helping to destroy Obamacare. So I'm wondering at this point, what is your healthcare plan, sir?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, if you look at insurance companies and you take a good, strong look at the numbers, you'll see, since the formation of Obamacare, they're up 400 percent, 450 percent, 250 percent, 300 percent. They've made a fortune, the insurance companies.
So when I knocked out the hundreds of millions of dollars a month being paid back to the insurance companies by politicians, I must tell you, that wanted me to continue to pay this, I said I'm not going to do it. This is money that goes to the insurance companies to line their pockets, to raise up their stock prices. And they've had a record run. They've had an incredible run, and it's not appropriate.
Obamacare is a disaster. It's virtually dead. As far as I'm concerned, it really is dead and I predicted that a long time ago. It's a concept that doesn't work. And we are very close.
We feel we have the votes, and as soon as we're finished with taxes, John -- we really feel we have the votes to get block grants into the states, where the states can much better manage this money and much better take care of the people, rather than the federal government. The state block grants -- we'll do massive block grants into the various states so that the states can run the program.
So we feel we have the votes. We’re going to be doing that after the taxes. In the meantime, we're involved with a budget and then after the budget -- hopefully that gets approved -- and after the budget, assuming we have the support of all the Republicans -- because we'll have no support from the Democrats or almost no support, because they've really become just obstructionists. They have no good policies, and frankly, they're not good politicians but they're very good obstructionists. And that's what they do well -- obstruct.
The number of nominees that I have approved by the Democrats are about half of what President Obama had. And when you look at that -- and you can look at judicial appointments, look how slow that's going. I'll have 145 ultimately, which is a tremendous number. We'll have 17 court of appeals appointments. But they're not getting approved. They're being slow-walked by Schumer and the group of Democrats that really -- it's really disgraceful. Even people that they know they're going to approve, they take it right out to the end. They use every single minute, and I think it's a very disgraceful situation.
But Obamacare is everything but dead. The people aren't going to take it. They're not going to take it. Alaska, they had over 200 percent increase. In Arizona, they were 116 percent -- and I hear going up even higher. And the people aren't going to take that any longer.
So I think we're in great shape. I think we have the votes. And we'll be doing that right after the largest tax cuts in the history of our country are approved, hopefully sometime in the very near future.
Q So is Graham-Cassidy still the plan, sir?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Yeah, essentially that would be the plan. Yes, block grants.
Q And, Mr. Prime Minister, with respect to the President, in March of 2016 you said, at the potential for a Donald Trump presidency, "I hope we will not face this evil." And I'm wondering if, after spending time with the President, you have changed your mind or if you're of the same mind.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I wish I knew that before my speech. (Laughter.)
PRIME MINISTER TSIPRAS: (As interpreted.) The meeting I had with the President -- his approach and the way he addresses most publics -- the U.S. is a very strong power and their ability to intervene for good are very, very important.
I want to confirm that the meeting that we had was very productive. Not a moment did I feel threatened at any time. I saw that there is a very fertile outlook here. In order to set aside any differences that we may have to find the common ground, the common ground which is really important for the relationship between our two peoples that are traditional and historical, and for our common objectives.
We need common values -- we have common values, excuse me. Don’t forget that the value of democracy and freedom was born in Greece, and it's one of the basic values that traverses the American culture and American tradition.
President today, of the U.S., continues this tradition. And I think our collaboration will be very substantial, and I'm very optimistic after our meeting that we had today.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you, Mr. Prime Minister. I might just add that a number of countries were a little bit nervous at the beginning. And I have very good relationships with the leaders of virtually every country I've dealt with. But the reason they were concerned was because I will not allow our country, the United States of America, to be taken advantage of by so many other countries all over the world.
If you look at our trade deficits -- massive trade deficits with virtually every country. If you look at our jobs moving out to certain countries, and the companies are leaving and they're firing the people, and the product is made elsewhere, and then it's sold back into the United States. I'm not going to be allowing that.
So I can understand how certain countries and the leaders of certain countries may feel. But we're just not going to allow the United States to be taken advantage of by other countries anymore. And there's nothing we can do about that.
Thank you.
you have a question.
Q (Inaudible) with the Greek Public TV. Mr. Prime Minister, how do you plan to attract long-term foreign direct investments in Greece? And if you can elaborate, please, on the steps that Greece is making to tackle bureaucracy and over-taxation in order to ensure investors around that world the Greece is ready for business.
And, Mr. President, if I may: Why would you encourage the U.S. companies to invest in Greece? And how can the U.S. support the Greek efforts to fully turn the page, attract investments, and manage its debt? Thank you.
PRIME MINISTER TSIPRAS: (As interpreted.) First of all, one thing is to intervene legislatively to attract investment. And it's different to work on a daily basis to implement these intentions in a stable environment.
We opted to conflict with the basic illnesses of Greek public administration and to create a friendly environment for foreign investment, because this is our priority today. Investment means jobs. Jobs means less unemployment. And it means return of young people that have left Greece -- educated Greeks that have left Greece to go to other countries -- to come back to Greece.
So what did we do? We passed a law in parliament that provides a stable tax environment -- a fixed tax rate for 12 years for investments of high value. We simplified the procedures to provide licenses to investments. We introduced the fast-track process for strategic investments. And we also made significant changes to hit and combat bureaucracy through digitization of administrative procedures in public administration. And our vision is to have a digital public administration, but that we really want to make it practice.
I, personally, have created a taskforce in the Prime Minister's office for investments so we can see whether laws are being implemented, whether there is effectiveness. And we are sending out a strong signal of political will to promote these projects.
The President asked me earlier what is happening with the Ellinikon, with the old airport, where years ago, he, himself as a businessman in the past was interested in it. And he saw, himself, the weaknesses and the illnesses of Greek public administration. I informed him it's moving along, and very soon we will see this area being formed to a very, very large real estate project in Greece, which we're hoping it will be an attraction for other investments from abroad.
I'd like to also say that Greece, for the first time, from the last country, is the first country in absorbing European funds investment capital from European structural funds. So we find ourselves at a turning point -- a point where investments can provide the ability to exit, finally, the crisis.
And the message I want to pass on to U.S. investments is that Greece is not just a tourist attraction, the best maybe in the world, but it's also an investment attraction -- and investment destination as well.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I can say that we have a great confidence in Greece. I think it's a land of tremendous potential. I know many people are looking to invest in Greece. A lot of the problems are behind it. They've had some very good leadership. They've really made done a lot of -- they've made a lot of difficult decisions.
We are helping, as you know, with a massive renovation of their air force and also of airplanes, generally, going to Greece. They're looking at buying additional planes from Boeing. And we are helping -- we're very much involved with Greece and with helping Greece get back on its feet. We have a tremendous Greek population in this country, people whose heritage is Greece. And we love that country, special country, one of the most beautiful countries in the world. So I think it's got great potential, and we are helping it along.
Okay. Jennifer, you want to go?
Q Thank you, Mr. President.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Sure.
Q I have a question for both of you, but let me start with you, Mr. President. Let me give you a quick question about the Federal Reserve. Do you have any other candidates that you're looking at other than Powell, Yellen, the five that have already been named? Are you looking at anyone besides those folks?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I would say within those five you'll probably get the answer. And I'll be making this decision over the next fairly short period of time.
Q Can you say who your favorite is at this point?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Honestly, I like them all.
Q (Laughter.) Okay.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I do. I have a great respect for all of them. But I'll make a decision over the next very short period of time.
Q Can I ask you a quick Obamacare question as well, even though John Roberts asked as well?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Sure.
Q Apparently, Lamar Alexander has said he's made a deal with Senator Patty Murray to stabilize Obamacare. Has the White House been involved in those negotiations? And will you support that deal?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Yes, we have been involved. And this is a short-term deal because we think, ultimately, block grants going to the states is going to be the answer. That's a very good solution. We think it's going to not only save money but give people much better healthcare with a very, very much smaller premium spike -- and you look at what has gone on with that -- also, much lower deductibles so they can use it.
Lamar has been working very, very hard with the Democratic -- his colleagues on the other side, and Patty Murray is one of them, in particular. And they're coming up and they're fairly close to a short-term solution. The solution will be for about a year or two years, and it will get us over this intermediate hump because we have -- as you probably know, we have -- we either have the votes or we are very close to having the votes. And we will get the votes for having, really, the potential of having great healthcare in our country.
So they are indeed working, but it is a short-term solution so that we don't have this very dangerous little period -- including dangerous periods for insurance companies, by the way. For a period of one year, two years, we will have a very good solution. But we're going to have a great solution, ultimately, for healthcare. And they are working together and I know very much what they're doing.
Q Mr. Prime Minister, on Turkey, do you still regard Turkey as a democracy? And should Turkey remain a member of NATO?
PRIME MINISTER TSIPRAS: (As interpreted.) I have to say that despite our concerns regarding Turkey, despite the concerns that are also based on the daily Turkish intervention in the region, nevertheless we continue to support the Turkish course towards Europe. We respect it as a regional power and we believe that it must stay oriented toward the European perspective, oriented to its collaboration with the West, and stably oriented towards NATO. We do believe that the European outlook -- perspective of Turkey can also be a lever of pressure so that we can have those reforms towards the democratization of the domestics of the country.
So my answer to your question is relatively easy. Yes, we do believe that Turkey must remain within NATO and its European course. But on the other side, we have to ensure -- and we must make it clear to this ally of ours and to its government that the road to Europe, and this day and the collaboration with the West, carries with it certain conditions and certain responsibilities.
One of the most necessary conditions is to respect international law, to collaborate, and not promote tension with allied countries such as Greece. This is our basic direction. And I do believe -- I had the opportunity to go in detail on this matter with President Trump to explain the need for the fulfillment of these conditions so that there are clear messages. Also, toward the Turkish administration.
Q Mr. Prime Minister, how do you, as Greeks, like to hear about the -- strategic importance of Greece and the region? What is your government planning to do to enhance this role for the benefit of the bilateral relationship? And for specifically in Souda Bay, are there any plans you have for it?
Mr. President, you praised Greece's role in NATO with the contribution and in Souda Bay amid the volatile region of the Eastern Mediterranean. What do you see as the potential of Greece being as a pillar of stability in the region? And what would the U.S. like to see happening in order for Greece to achieve its potential? Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I'd just start by saying that I think it has a great role in stability in the area. We have a feeling that it will get stronger and stronger. Very stable people. It's got the potential to be -- once it gets over this tremendous financial hurdle that it's in the process of working out, we think that there will be great stability in Greece, and militarily and in every way we look at it as very important, and very important to the United States.
We have great confidence in Greece as a nation. We have great confidence in what they're doing relative to their military, because I know they have plans to do some terrific things. And we know they will be an ally for many, many years to come. You know, they've always been a very reliable ally, and we've always been very reliable to them. So we look forward to that for many years. We're going to be friends for many, many years, and stability is very important. And we look upon that, with respect to Greece, as being a key.
Thank you.
PRIME MINISTER TSIPRAS: (As interpreted.) As regards the initiatives that we're going to be taking, but also regarding the initiatives that we have taken to broaden the strategic role of Greece as a reliable partner, both in the EU and NATO, I’d like to say that from the first moment we took over the administration, we moved -- we proceeded to a new dogma through the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, but as a basic aim to enhance the role of Greece as a country that is a pillar of security and stability in a very sensitive and unstable area -- region.
We enhanced our collaboration with two significant partners in the area -- Egypt and Israel, and Greece Cyprus with Israel and Greece Cyprus with Egypt, and with other countries in the area such as Jordan, Lebanon. Our goal is that, through these multilateral collaborations, to ensure the collaboration, stability, peace, and joint development, joint growth in this area.
Of course, Greece for a number of years has been playing, as underlined earlier -- it plays the role of a reliable ally of the U.S., but it also has a unique different feature. Greece may be talking with the Arab world, with other countries in the East. So it’s not just a NATO member. It’s a useful ally for the United States of America.
Now, as regards Crete and Souda Bay, we all know it is of special strategic importance, and we evaluated it -- jointly evaluated it, and I think that we’re doing good work there. And it can, and it must, be upgraded and enhanced.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I want to thank everybody. And the Prime Minister came out here and he said, this is so beautiful. I said, this is the Rose Garden. And I think even the media likes the Rose Garden. (Laughter.) That's hard to believe, but even the media likes it.
Mr. Prime Minister, it’s been a great honor having you, and we look forward to many, many years of friendship, working together. And keep up the good work.
Thank you very much.
PRIME MINISTER TSIPRAS: Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
2:19 P.M. EDT12:32 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Mr. Prime Minister, it's great to have you in the United States. This is the Cabinet Room, a very well-known place. A lot of things happen here.
And we will continue our discussions with respect to Greece and the relationship that we have. It's been an outstanding one, a long-term relationship. You've gone through a lot.
I commend you on what you've been able to do in a short period of time. I know your tourism is coming back very strongly. You had a record number of tourists, which we have to give you a lot of credit for that. But it's a beautiful place. Many, many friends from Greece. And we are with you. We are with you.
And thank you. It's an honor to have you.
PRIME MINISTER TSIPRAS: Thank you, Mr. President. It's an honor for us to be here at the discussion with you. I am looking forward -- this discussion and cooperation. I think that it's a unique moment to enhance our strategic partnership and cooperation.
Greece is a pillar of stability in the region. It's not only maybe the most beautiful country in the region, but also the most stable country in the region.
So we're looking forward to enhance our cooperation because we have common views and common interests in the area.
I want to thank you very much for -- first of all, for your hospitality. And I think that sometime you have (inaudible) to visit Greece. You are always welcome to visit Greece.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you.
PRIME MINISTER TSIPRAS: Because I think that you have a lot of Greeks that love -- the majority of the Greek people, all the Greek people like the U.S. and love your country. But you have a lot of Greeks here in the United States --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: It's true.
PRIME MINISTER TSIPRAS: -- that plays a crucial role in economy, in politics, and you have a lot of supporters here in the United States.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I know that. That's true. One-hundred percent. Great supporters.
PRIME MINISTER TSIPRAS: So, thank you very much.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you.
END 12:35 P.M. EDTPRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much, everybody. It's an honor to have Prime Minister Tsipras of Greece with us.
As you know, Greece has gone through a lot over the last number of years, but they are doing a terrific job of coming back. And they will be back. We're working with them on many different things. They're upgrading their fleets of airplanes -- the F-16 plane, which is a terrific plane. They're doing big upgrades. And we're doing trade with Greece, and we're going to have some meetings right after this.
We're having meetings with the staff. We're having a luncheon with the staff also. And we'll be talking about additional ways where Greece will help us and we will help Greece.
But we've had a long-time relationship with Greece. They have been great friends and loyal friends and allies. And we look forward to our discussion today. Thank you, Mr. Prime Minister.
PRIME MINISTER TSIPRAS: Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you for the invitation and the hospitality. I am sure that we'll have a very fruitful discussion today.
I think that this is as a very important moment for our positive cooperation, and I'm sure that we'll do whatever it takes to enhance this cooperation.
Greece is a terrific partner in a very sensitive region -- but every time was a reliable partner for the United States.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: That's true. That's true.
PRIME MINISTER TSIPRAS: And we share common values. Don't forget that when Greece was born, freedom -- the values of freedom and democracy that we all share all together.
So I'm very happy to be here. It's an honor for me.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: It's my honor. Thank you.
Q Mr. President, if Obamacare is dead, aren't you trying to keep it alive in some ways?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Obamacare is virtually dead. At best, you could say it's in its final legs. The premiums are going through the roof. The deductibles are so high that people don't get to use it. Obamacare is a disgrace to our nation, and we are solving the problem of Obamacare. Okay?
Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you.
END 12:09 P.M. EDT1:47 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. I just want to say that we just spent quite a bit of time inside with the Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who has been a friend of mine for a long time, long before my world of politics, early into his world of politics, I think. But we've been friends for a long time. We are probably now, despite what we read, we're probably now -- I think, at least as far as I'm concerned -- closer than ever before. And the relationship is very good.
We're fighting for the same thing. We're fighting for lower taxes, big tax cuts, the biggest tax cuts in the history of our nation. We're fighting for tax reform, as part of that. We are getting close to healthcare. We'll come up in the early- to mid-part of next year. We're going to have a vote; I think we already have the votes. We feel confident we have the votes. We pretty much know what the plan is.
I believe Republicans and Democrats are, as we speak, working together very hard, right now -- working together to do an intermediate plan, a short-term plan, because Obamacare is a disaster. The rates have gone up. The premiums have gone up. The deductibles have gone through the roof. I mean, it's terrible. If you look at the deductibles, unless you really have a problem, you're not going to be able to use them.
So we have been working together long and hard. We think we're in good shape for the budget, we hope. And we hope to be in good shape with, again, the largest tax cuts ever passed in this country. It's going to spur business. You look at other countries, what they've done -- and we're competing with other countries. When China is at 15 percent, when I hear that Ireland is going to be reducing their cooperate rates down to 8 percent from 12. But you have other countries also reducing. We can't be at 35 percent and think we're going to remain competitive in terms of companies and in terms of jobs. So we worked on that.
I was very honored to see a man that I've had a lot of respect for, James Lee Witt, of the Clinton administration -- the head of FEMA. He gave us an A-plus; I just see -- it just came out. And I've always had respect for him. He gave us -- he's the FEMA director of the Clinton administration -- gave us an A-plus for how we responded to the hurricane aftermath -- all of the hurricanes. And that includes Puerto Rico.
So I just want to thank Mr. Witt, wherever you may be now, wherever you may be listening. I just want to say, I really much appreciate it. Because that took it out of politics -- out of the world of politics, in that he was with the Clinton administration and I'm sure remains loyal to the Clinton administration. I hope he does.
So just to finish off, my relationship with this gentleman is outstanding, has been outstanding. We are working very hard to get the tax cuts. We will continue to work hard to get the healthcare completed. I'm going to be surprising some people with an economic development bill later on, but I haven't even told Mitch because I want to focus on tax cuts and some other things right now.
One of the unspoken elements that we discussed at lunch -- and it just is not talked about -- yes, we got a great justice, Justice Gorsuch, into the United States Supreme Court. He is going to be outstanding, hopefully for many, many years. But something that people aren't talking about is how many judges we've had approved, whether it be the court of appeals, circuit judges, whether it be district judges. We have -- tremendous -- right now under review; the Democrats are holding them up beyond anything -- beyond comprehension, they're holding them up.
I mean, frankly, they have terrible, terrible policy -- terrible policy -- and perhaps they're not even good politicians, but they are good at obstruction. So I looked at some of these numbers, between the judges -- and I want to say that we will set records in terms of the number of judges.
And if you read the Wall Street Journal, I have to give them a little bit of a -- a person, a writer, I won’t mention names -- but you can see who has really been a really fair person -- wrote an article or wrote an editorial, in a sense, saying how well we're doing with judges and appointments. I think it’s one of the big unsung things of this administration, in addition to the fact that we have had a lot of legislation passed on the VA and lots of other things.
But the judge story is an untold story. Nobody wants to talk about it. But when you think about it, Mitch and I were saying, that has consequences 40 years out, depending on the age of the judge, but 40 years out. So numerous have been approved. Many, many are in the pipeline. The level of quality is extraordinary.
And I just wanted to say that we're working very closely on that also, and getting really great reviews from those people and, in many cases, some scholars that have been studying it. There has never been anything like what we've been able to do together with judges.
So with that, I’d like to have Mitch say a few words, and if you want to do a little question-and-answer, we can do that also.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
LEADER MCCONNELL: Well, thank you very much, Mr. President. I want to underscore what the President said. We have the same agenda. We've been friends and acquaintances for a long time. We talk frequently. We don't give you a readout every time we have a conversation. But frequently we talk on the weekends about the issues that are before us.
Obviously passing a budget, which enables tax reform and tax reduction comes next, then a supplemental to take adequate care of those who have been harmed by the natural disasters we've been afflicted with lately. And, of course, the Senate’s unique role -- it seems to be a lot of people forget -- we're in the personnel business. There are 1,200 of the President’s nominations subject to confirmation in the Senate. The House is not in the personnel business. We are.
The single-most significant thing this President has done to change America is the appointment of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. But it’s not just the Supreme Court. There are a lot of vacancies at both the circuit court and district court level, as the President has indicated, of young, conservative -- and when we say conservative about a judge, what we're talking about here are, the kind of the people the President is appointing to the courts believe that the role of a judge is to try to rule based upon what the law says, not what they hoped the outcome would be.
Justice Scalia used to say, if the judge is not occasionally unhappy with the conclusion he reached, he’s not a very good judge. Or as Justice Gorsuch put it down in my state a couple of weeks ago, judges don't wear red, they don't wear blue -- they wear black.
And those are the kind of people the President is sending up to the Senate to be confirmed. Many of them, as he pointed out, are younger and will be on the bench for a long time, and have a great deal to do with what kind of country we're going to have far into the future.
Legislatively, obviously the top priority is tax reduction. And I think what the President and I would both like to say to you today, contrary to what some of you may have reported: We are together totally on this agenda to move America forward.
THE PRESIDENT: John.
Q Mr. President, in terms of the timetable for tax reform, the Speaker of the House, Paul Ryan, has said he wants to get it done by the end of this year. He would make the House stay through the Christmas break in order to get it done. The Senate Majority Leader has said we’ll get it done this Congress. Would you be okay if tax reform were not passed until next year as opposed to this year?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I would like to see it be done this year, John. I would like very much to see it be done this year. So we won’t go a step further. If we get it done, that's a great achievement.
But don't forget it took years for the Reagan administration to get taxes done. I’ve been here for nine months, a little more than nine months. I can say the same thing for healthcare. If you look at Obama -- first of all, if you look at Clinton, they weren’t able to get it done. If you look at other administrations, they weren’t able to get it done. President Obama, after a long period of time, was able to finally push it through, but pushed through something that's now failed -- really failing badly. But again, we're meeting -- Democrat, Republican are meeting right now, and right now they're working on something very special.
But I have to tell you, I really believe that we have a very good chance, and I think Mitch feels the same way, of getting the taxes done, hopefully fairly long before the end of the year. That's what we'd like to see.
Go ahead.
LEADER MCCONNELL: Let me just add to what the President said. The goal is to get it done this calendar year. But it is important to remember that Obama signed Obamacare in March of year two. Obama signed Dodd-Frank in July of year two. We're going to get this job done, and the goal is to get it done by the end of the year.
THE PRESIDENT: And just to finish up for Mitch -- and we're nine months, right? So we could have a long way to go, but that's okay.
Yes.
Q Thank you very much. Do you both have confidence in Representative Tom Marino to be your drug czar? And on healthcare, in your recent (inaudible), you said, "The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that after hearing repeal and replace for seven years, he failed. That should never have happened." Do you still (inaudible)?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, let's go to the second part of your question, with Mitch. Again, we've been doing healthcare for, really, seven months, and probably six months, if you think about it, because we started in probably a total of six months. Others were 2.5 years, and much more than that. Others were eight years, and they didn’t get it passed. This man is going to get it done, and I think get it done long before anybody else, and I think it's going to be a great healthcare.
As far as Tom Marino, so he was a very early supporter of mine -- the great state of Pennsylvania. He's a great guy. I did see the report. We're going to look into the report and we're going to take it very seriously. Because we're going to have a major announcement, probably next week, on the drug crisis and on the opioid massive problem. And I want to get that absolutely right. This country -- and, frankly, the world -- has a drug problem. The world has a drug problem. But we have it, and we're going to do something about it.
So I'm going to have a major announcement on that problem next week. We're going to be looking into Tom.
Q Thank you, Mr. President. Trey Yingst with One America News Network. I'd like to ask you: Do you support the plan by people who previously served in your administration, such as the Steve Bannon, to primary Republican candidates in the 2018 elections who do not support your agenda?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I have a very good relationship, as you know, with Steve Bannon. Steve has been a friend of mine for a long time. I like Steve a lot. Steve is doing what Steve thinks is the right thing. Some of the people that he may be looking at, I'm going to see if we talk him out of that, because, frankly, they're great people.
What Mitch will tell you is that maybe, with the exception of a few -- and that is a very small few -- I have a fantastic relationship with the people in the Senate, and with the people in Congress. I mean, I have a -- with our House of Representatives. I have a great relationship with political people. If you read the papers, you think -- I'm like on one island and they're like on the other. Well, it's not the way it is.
We have a fantastic relationship. I'm friends with most of them, I can say. And I don’t think anybody could have much of a higher percentage. But I'm friends with most of them. I like and respect most of them, and I think they like and respect me.
Just so you understand, the Republican Party is very, very unified. When we get things approved, we have to go through hell because we have no Democrat support, we have nobody. We don’t have a vote from the Democrats. As an example: massive tax cuts -- we may not get any Democrat votes. Now, we also may get three of four, but we may get no -- for massive tax cuts. We're the highest-taxed country in the world, and yet we may get no Democrat support. And that's because they're obstructionists and they just basically want us to do badly, but that's not going to happen.
Yes, go ahead.
Q On the opioid crisis, I listened to you on the campaign trail talk about that repeatedly. You said you watched the "60 Minutes" report last night. Number one, do you want to reverse the law that Congressman Marino helped pass that DEA whistleblowers say has contributed to the expansion of the opioid crisis?
THE PRESIDENT: We're going to look at that very closely.
Q And does his sponsorship of that law in any way undermine your confidence in him as drug czar?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, he's a good man. I have not spoken to him, but I will speak to him and I'll make that determination. And if I think it's one percent negative to doing what we want to do, I will make a change, yes.
Q Mr. McConnell --
Q Mr. President --
THE PRESIDENT: One second. Yes.
Q What about declaring a written national emergency for this crisis? You've talked about it but you haven’t put that piece of paper together.
THE PRESIDENT: We are going to be doing that next week. By the way, you know that's a big step. By the way, people have no understanding of what you just said. That is a very, very big statement. It's a very important step. And to get to that step, a lot of work has to be done and it's time-consuming work. We're going to be doing in next week, okay?
Q Did you have a chance, during your lunch today, to discuss the comments that Steve Bannon made this weekend? And what do you make of those comments, declaring war on the Republican Party, declaring war on you?
LEADER MCCONNELL: Look, you know, the goal here is to win elections in November. Back in 2010 and 2012, we nominated several candidates -- Christine O'Donnell, Sharron Angle, Todd Akin, Richard Mourdock. They're not in the Senate. And the reason for that was that they were not able to appeal to a broader electorate in the general election.
My goal as the leader of the Republican Party in the Senate is to keep us in the majority. The way you do that is not complicated. You have to have nominate people who can actually win, because winners make policy and losers go home. We changed the business model in 2014; we nominated people who could win everywhere. We took the majority in the Senate. We had one skirmish in 2016; we kept the majority in the Senate. So our operating approach will be to support our incumbents and, in open seats, to seek to help nominate people who can actually win in November. That's my approach and that's the way you keep a governing majority.
Q Mr. President, earlier today you criticized drug companies and also insurance companies, saying that drug companies were charging prices that are too high --
THE PRESIDENT: Yes.
Q -- and insurance companies were taking government money --
THE PRESIDENT: Exactly right.
Q What specifically would you like to see both of those types of companies do?
THE PRESIDENT: So the insurance companies have made a fortune with Obamacare -- an absolute fortune. As you know, what I did with the cuts at the end, which were all going -- you know, you're talking about hundreds of millions of dollars a month going right into the pockets of the insurance companies. And I'm very happy with what I did.
And because of that, people are talking now. Democrats are talking to the Republicans for a short-term taking care of, what we will call, healthcare so that people can have good healthcare without a big spike. You would have had massive spikes -- you already have. I mean, every year the massive spikes to Obamacare have been ridiculous.
As far as -- and I didn't speak to Mitch about this today, but a priority of mine -- and you know that this is coming up -- will be the cost of prescription drugs. We are going to get the costs way down, way down, and those drugs companies -- so you have the insurance companies, in the one case; in the other case -- actually, with regard to both, you have the drug companies.
They contribute massive amounts of money to political people -- I don't know, Mitch, maybe even to you. But I have to tell you, they contribute massive amounts of money. Me, I'm not interested in their money. I don't need their money. I will tell you, you have prescription drugs -- you go to England, you go to various places, Canada -- you go to many, many countries, and the same exact pill from the same company, the same box, same everything, is a tiny fraction of what it costs in the United States.
We are going to get drug prices -- prescription drug prices way down because the world has taken advantage of us. The world has taken advantage of us when that happens, so that's going to be very important.
Q Thank you. On healthcare, there are about 6 million people that get subsidies to help pay for Obamacare -- about 70 percent, by one study of a couple of states that you won in November --
THE PRESIDENT: Yeah.
Q Now that you've cut off these payments, are you going to ensure that those people will still get help from the federal government to pay --
THE PRESIDENT: Well, that's what we're looking to do, Joe. We want to get it down so that people can have affordable healthcare. Look, you look at some states -- 116 percent up. In Alaska, over 200 percent up. In other states, 50 percent, 70 percent up, and those are some of the states that are doing better. Obamacare is a wreck, it's a mess, it's destroying lives. We want to get it in those states -- the states that I did so well in -- but also in states that I didn't win.
I want to get healthcare that's much more affordable and much better healthcare, and that's what we're doing.
Yes.
Q Let me ask you about tax reform.
THE PRESIDENT: Go ahead -- tax reform.
Q Yes, tax reform. You had said the other day that there were some adjustments being made.
THE PRESIDENT: Yeah.
Q Gary Cohn said today that there would be some things that are negotiable. What exactly, in your eyes, is negotiable? And then, for the Leader, you said that the top priority is tax reduction -- you did not say tax reform -- in 2017, Leader McConnell. So can you commit specifically to tax reform in 2017? For the both of you.
THE PRESIDENT: So we are doing minor adjustments. We want to make sure that the middle class is the biggest beneficiary of the tax cuts and tax reform. And that's, I'm sure, what Mitch meant also, because people get it confused.
We are doing massive tax cuts. We're also doing simplification and reform. Simplification, where, literally, if we can do it on page; now, in some cases, it may be two pages. But we're doing major simplification. We're bringing the categories down from -- if you include zero, because there are zero -- we're bringing it from eight to four. That's a big, big simplification, just that alone.
But we are doing the massive cuts. And I will say this: Wherever I've been, this has been so popular with the people. Now we have to get a couple of additional people to raise their hands.
Mitch.
LEADER MCCONNELL: Yeah, I agree with the President, it's about both reduction and reform. It's been 30 years since this kind of effort was undertaken successfully, and we're going to succeed this time. The bills, the details of them, will be written by the Ways and Means and Finance Committees after we approve the budget. And obviously, the budget opens the path to tax reform. But it’s a both -- it's about both -- about both reform and reduction.
Q Why haven't we heard anything from you so far about the Soldiers that were killed in Niger? And what do you have to say about that?
THE PRESIDENT: I've written them personal letters. They've been sent, or they're going out tonight, but they were written during the weekend. I will, at some point during the period of time, call the parents and the families -- because I have done that, traditionally. I felt very, very badly about that. I always feel badly. It's the toughest -- the toughest calls I have to make are the calls where this happens, soldiers are killed. It's a very difficult thing. Now, it gets to a point where, you know, you make four or five of them in one day -- it's a very, very tough day. For me, that's by far the toughest.
So, the traditional way -- if you look at President Obama and other Presidents, most of them didn't make calls, a lot of them didn't make calls. I like to call when it's appropriate, when I think I'm able to do it. They have made the ultimate sacrifice.
So, generally, I would say that I like to call. I'm going to be calling them. I want a little time to pass. I'm going to be calling them. I have -- as you know, since I've been President, I have.
But in addition, I actually wrote letters individually to the soldiers we're talking about, and they're going to be going out either today or tomorrow.
Yes.
Q General Kelly said just last week that you believe that Cuba could stop the attacks against Americans. Do you believe them, that Cuba is -- do you believe Cuba is responsible?
THE PRESIDENT: I think Cuba knew about it, sure. I do believe Cuba is responsible. I do believe that. And it's a very unusual attack, as you know, but I do believe Cuba is responsible, yes.
Q Roy Moore, down in Alabama, has said that he believes homosexuality should be illegal and that Muslims should be barred from serving in the U.S. Congress. What makes you comfortable with someone with those beliefs serving in the U.S. Senate? And the same question to you, Mr. Leader.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I'm going to be meeting with Roy sometime next week, and we're going to talk to him about a lot of different things. But I'll be meeting with him.
He ran a very strong race. The people of Alabama, who I like very much and they like me very much, but they like Roy. And we'll be talking to him, and I can report to you then. Okay?
Go ahead.
Q Mr. President, this is a question for you and for Leader McConnell following up on your comments on the budget. One of the issues outstanding right now is what the Senate Judiciary Committee will (inaudible) of blue slips. I'm wondering what your position is, Mr. President, and what your position is, Leader McConnell. Because, you know, (inaudible) that right now gives Democrats leverage over the appointments.
LEADER MCCONNELL: I can give you my position. The blue slip, for those of you who are not familiar with it, is a custom determined by the Chairman of the Judiciary Committee. And Senator Grassley can give you his view of how he views this. I'll give you my view.
My view is that a blue slip on a circuit judge is simply a notification of how you're going to vote. To conclude otherwise would have left us in the following position at the beginning of this Senate. Forty-eight Democratic senators would have been able to blackball 62 percent of the circuit judge nominees. That's simply not a tenable place to land in a Senate that now deals with judges with a simple majority.
So my own personal view is that a blue slip on a circuit judge should simply be a notification of how you intend to vote.
THE PRESIDENT: We could talk blue slips, but my attitude is I just want really capable people going to the courts.
Peter.
Q Mr. President, in 2012 you tweeted that "Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS," in your words, "since he had full control for two years." You wrote, "He can never take responsibility." But today, you've said about some of the challenges right now in Congress and in Washington, "I'm not going to blame myself, I'll be honest. They're not getting the job done." So what's different then than now?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, let me just explain what's different. We have nominations pending right now, and we have 182 approved -- if you look at this: the number that he had approved was 65 percent and 70 percent, and we have 39 percent. They're holding up every single nomination.
Q How about the agenda broadly?
THE PRESIDENT: Schumer and the group are holding up every single nomination. They are obstructing. They're doing -- I'm telling you, they're not good politicians, but they're very good at obstruction.
They are holding up every single nomination, and I will tell you, Peter, it's not right. It's really not right. They'll bring them right out to the end at last minute. What they're doing is unfair.
So you look at even Bush, you look at Obama, you look at Clinton, and you look at Bush original, you have 389 versus 182 -- these are approvals. You look at Clinton, 357 versus 182. You look at President Obama, 364 versus 182. These are nominations approved, and what they're doing to us -- we have unbelievable people, and they're waiting to be approved. They've been waiting for a long period of time.
Now, I do believe that Mitch is going to start pushing them very hard, and he can do that, and he wants to do that. He also wants to get the judicial nominations through, and he wants to get them through fast, too.
Go ahead, John. Go ahead, John.
Q Can I just follow on that, if I could, please? You seemed to have a budding spirit of cooperation with the Senate Minority Leader and the House Minority Leader when it came to the budget, when it came to this idea of finding a fix for DACA. But every proposal that you have floated since then, they have very critically rejected. So where is this relationship?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I hope to have a relationship. If we don't, we don't. I mean, we have races coming up, as you know, in a year from now. I think we're going to probably do very well. I can say this: If we get taxes approved, we're going to do unbelievably well.
Many of the senators are running in states that I won by massive amounts -- 20, over 20 percent, sometimes 30 percent; I guess in one or two cases, by over 40 percent over the Democrat.
Q But do you think you can work with them?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, we're going to let you know that. I would like to give you that answer in about seven years from now, is that okay? Meaning, one plus seven.
John, I hope to be able to because I like the concept of bipartisan. But right now, they are doing nothing but obstructing. And really, if you think about it, they're against major tax cuts that's going to make our country stronger and more competitive. That's a hard thing to win an election on, and I believe that some Democrats will be voting for us when it comes to the tax cuts.
Q With this economic development bill that you mentioned, can you give us any of the details of what your plans are?
THE PRESIDENT: I'm going to be proposing an economic development bill in the not-too-distant future. I want to get tax cuts, obviously, done first; maybe even healthcare. But I think somewhere in between or shortly thereafter I'm going to be developing an economic development bill that will put us so far ahead of other countries you will not even believe it. That will be very important.
Q Thank you, Mr. President. Last week, your administration made two major announcements on rolling back the Iran Deal and getting rid of the cost-sharing reductions as part of Obamacare. And a lot of criticism has been leveled at your administration saying that, really, all you're doing is --
THE PRESIDENT: And a lot of praise.
Q Fair enough, sir. Rolling back -- a lot of what you're doing is simply rolling back everything your predecessor accomplished. Is there a single policy of your predecessor that you specifically do not want to touch, sir?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, we're very opposite in terms of incentives and incentives for jobs and other things. And if you look at what’s happened, we just hit a new high today again in the stock market. We've picked up, Mitch, as of this moment, $5.2 trillion in stock market value. We have the lowest unemployment rate in -- I believe it’s almost 17 years. We're doing well.
We're going to be doing immigration work that's going to be outstanding, and we're going to have people coming into our country based hopefully on a merit system, not just coming in randomly. But they're going to be coming in based on a merit system where they can help us. Because I have companies moving into this country -- you saw what happened with the automobile industry last week with five major plants. We have companies pouring back into this country for the first time in anybody’s memory. We are actually going to be, fairly soon, at a point where we're going to need workers. Our country is going to do so well. But the tax cuts are going to be a major, major part of it.
Q Sir, is there a policy you’d want to keep in place though? Is there a single policy you’d keep in place?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, not too many, I must say. It’s the opposite side of the spectrum.
Peter. Go ahead, Peter.
Q Earlier, you said that President Obama never called the families of fallen soldiers. How can you make that claim?
THE PRESIDENT: I don't know if he did. No, no, no, I was told that he didn't often. And a lot of Presidents don't; they write letters. I do --
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: Excuse me, Peter. I do a combination of both. Sometimes -- it’s a very difficult thing to do, but I do a combination of both. President Obama I think probably did sometimes, and maybe sometimes he didn't. I don't know. That's what I was told. All I can do -- all I can do is ask my generals. Other Presidents did not call. They’d write letters. And some Presidents didn't do anything. But I like the combination of -- I like, when I can, the combination of a call and also a letter.
One at a time. Go ahead.
Q Thank you. If it would help you -- if it would help Special Counsel Robert Mueller get to the end of the Russia investigation, would you --
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I’d like to see it end. Look, the whole Russian thing was an excuse --
Q Would you (inaudible).
THE PRESIDENT: Excuse me. Excuse me. The whole Russia thing was an excuse for the Democrats losing the election, and it turns out to be just one excuse. I mean, today Hillary blamed Nigel Farage. That one came out of nowhere. So that was just an excuse for the Democrats losing an election that, frankly, they have a big advantage in the Electoral College. They should always be able to win in the Electoral College, but they were unable to do it.
So there has been absolutely no collusion. It’s been stated that they have no collusion. They ought to get to the end of it because I think the American public is sick of it.
Go ahead. Go ahead.
Q Mr. President, Ronica Cleary with Fox 5.
THE PRESIDENT: Yes.
Q Do you believe that your comments in any way affected Bowe Bergdahl’s ability to receive a fair trial? And can you respond to his attorney’s claims that --
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I can't comment on Bowe Bergdahl because he’s -- as you know, they're -- I guess he’s doing something today, as we know. And he's also -- they're setting up sentencing, so I’m not going to comment on him. But I think people have heard my comments in the past.
Go ahead. Go ahead.
Q Will you extend the deadline for DACA recipients if Congress can't pass the bill by March?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, they should be able to do something. But we need very stronger border security, and we do want the wall.
Go ahead.
Q My question is about the fires in Northern California. They feel like they've been left out from --
THE PRESIDENT: No, they haven’t. In fact, I spoke to Governor Brown. We had a great conversation. We have FEMA there. And as you know, James Lee Witt gave us an A-plus, and I think if he didn't include the fires, he would include the fires also. We have FEMA there. We have military there. We have first responders there. It’s a tragic situation. But we're working very closely with the representatives from California, and we're doing a good job.
Go ahead, back. Yes, go ahead, back.
Q Mr. President, in the wake of an avalanche of allegations made against Harvey Weinstein, your campaign is being subpoenaed for any documents relating to sexual harassment allegations made against you. Do you have a response to that?
THE PRESIDENT: All I can say is it’s totally fake news. It’s just fake. It’s fake. It’s made-up stuff, and it’s disgraceful what happens. But that's happens in the world of politics.
Jon.
Q Mr. President, on the wall, are you going to insist that you must have wall funding before you can sign something for the DREAMers or for spending for the rest of the year?
THE PRESIDENT: Our country needs a wall. Mexico, you see what’s happening there. You see what just happened yesterday with one of their big political leaders. Mexico is not doing particularly well when it comes to the kind of thing that we have great interest in. Drugs are pouring across our border. We're stopping it, but we need a wall to really stop it. We need a wall in this country. You know it. I know it. Everybody knows it. We have to have a wall, so that's going to be part of it.
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: The Puerto Rico situation is so -- because as you know --
Q Do you maintain that the federal response has been outstanding?
THE PRESIDENT: Oh, I think -- well, that's according to the Clinton administration’s head of FEMA, it’s been outstanding.
Puerto Rico is very tough because of the fact it’s an island. But it’s also tough because, as you know, it was in very poor shape before the hurricanes ever hit. Their electrical grid was destroyed before the hurricanes got there. It was in very bad shape, was not working, was in bankruptcy, owed $9 billion. And then on top of that, the hurricane came.
Now, you're going to have to build a whole new electrical plant system. We're not talking about generators. We moved -- Puerto Rico now has more generators, I believe, than any place in the world. There are generators all over the place. The fact is, their electrical system was in horrible shape before and even worse shape after.
So we are working right now -- as you know, relief funds were just approved and are in the process of being approved by Congress. And that includes Texas, by the way. That includes Florida. And it also includes Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, et cetera. But it was in really bad shape before. We have done -- I will say this, we have done --
Q (Inaudible) -- Mr. President, people don't have drinking water.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, we've delivered tremendous amounts of water. Then what you have to do is you have to have distribution of the water by the people on the island. So we have massive amounts of water. We have massive amounts of food. But they have to distribute the food, and they have to do this. They have to distribute the food to the people on the island.
So what we've done is we now actually having military distributing food -- something that really they shouldn’t have to be doing.
But if you look at the governor, who is a good man, by the way, but if you look at the governor of Puerto Rico, he himself has said we've done an outstanding job. And most people have said we've done an outstanding job. But Puerto Rico is a very tough one.
Yes, go ahead.
Q (Inaudible) support for the 20-week abortion ban bill. How important is this bill to you? And what are you doing to work with Leader McConnell (inaudible) gets through the Senate?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I’ll let Mitch. You want to talk about that, Mitch?
LEADER MCCONNELL: Was the question about the 20-week --
Q (Inaudible.)
LEADER MCCONNELL: Yeah, well, it's supported by virtually all of my members, and we expect to have a vote on it at some point.
THE PRESIDENT: Go ahead.
Q Thank you, Mr. President. Previous Presidents who have traveled to South Korea have gone to the demilitarized zone. There are those who believe this would be the worst time to do that because it would be viewed as provocative. How do you view what you're trying to accomplish in South Korea? Do you intend to go to the DMZ?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I’ll be going, as you know, to South Korea, to China, to Japan, to Vietnam for the summit. We have a big economic summit there. I may be going to the Philippines also. We've been invited to the Philippines, so I may be going to the Philippines. And I look forward to all of them. We haven’t set the details as of this moment.
Q Are you afraid of provoking North Korea by going to the DMZ?
THE PRESIDENT: We’ll take a look at that. I didn't hear in terms of provoking, but we will certainly take a look at that.
Q Thank you, sir. A quick follow-up on an earlier question. You discussed the special counsel and the investigation currently. Are you considering firing Robert Mueller?
THE PRESIDENT: No, not at all.
Q One quick follow-up on Iraq, sir. On Iraq, the Kurdish forces and Iraqi forces last night were clashing in northern Iraq. Are you concerned about a larger conflict in the region while U.S. forces are still advising on the ground?
THE PRESIDENT: We don't like the fact that they're clashing. We're not taking sides, but we don't like the fact that they're clashing.
Q Do you support the Kurdish referendum for independence?
THE PRESIDENT: Let me tell you, we've had for many years a very good relationship with the Kurds, as you know. And we've also been on the side of Iraq, even though we should have never been in there in the first place. We should never have been there. But we're not taking sides in that battle.
John.
Q Mr. President, in an interview earlier today, Hillary Clinton said that she did not believe that players taking a knee in the NFL was about disrespecting the flag -- at complete odds with the way that you have referred to this. You fired back in a tweet saying that you hope that she runs again in 2020. Why --
THE PRESIDENT: Oh, I hope Hillary runs. Is she going to run? I hope. Hillary, please run again.
Go ahead.
Q So she’s at odds with you over whether or not this is disrespecting the flag. Is she right or is she wrong?
THE PRESIDENT: I think she’s wrong. Look, when they take a knee -- there’s plenty of time to do knees and there’s plenty of time to do lots of other things. But when you take a knee --
Q She says taking a knee is reference to --
THE PRESIDENT: But when you take a knee -- well, that's why she lost the election. Honestly, it’s that thinking -- that is the reason she lost the election.
When you go down and take a knee or any other way, you're sitting essentially for our great national anthem, you're disrespecting our flag and you're disrespecting our country. And the NFL should have suspended some of these players for one game. Not fire them -- suspended them for one game. And then if they did it again, it could have been two games and three games and then for the season. You wouldn’t have people disrespecting our country right now.
And if Hillary Clinton actually made the statement that, in a form, sitting down during the playing of our great national anthem is not disrespectful, then I fully understand why she didn't win. I mean look, there are a lot of reasons that she didn't win, including the fact that she was not good at what she did. But I will tell you that is something that I had just heard about, and I think that her statement in itself is very disrespectful to our country.
Thank you very much.
Q Sir, what about police-involving shootings? Sir, what about police-involved shootings as it relates to the NFL? That is what the players are saying is the crux of why they're taking the knee, sir. The police-involved shooting issue, what would you do about that?
THE PRESIDENT: It is very disrespectful to our country when they take a knee during our national anthem. It is very --
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: Just hear it. Hear it. It is very disrespectful to our country when they take a knee during the national anthem, number one. Number two, the people of our country are very angry at the NFL. All you have to do is look at their ratings and look at their stadiums. You see empty seats where you never saw them before. A lot of people are very angry at it. It is highly disrespectful. They shouldn’t do it.
Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.
Q Mr. President, is healthcare now Trumpcare?
THE PRESIDENT: I don't think so.
END
2:27 P.M. EDT11:42 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, thank you very much. And today, we're here to discuss at the Cabinet meeting critical domestic policy issues. I'd like to basically provide you with an update as to how we're doing for the American people, and we're doing a lot of great things.
The unemployment rate is at a almost 17-year low. The stock market is soaring to record levels. We just hit a new high on Friday, and I think we're hitting another new high today because there's tremendous optimism having do with business in our country.
The GDP growth has reached more 3 percent last quarter, and other than the hurricanes, it would have done phenomenally on this. And I think we'll still do very well, but something will have to be taken off because of the tremendous problems of the massive hurricanes that we've had to endure. And now, I guess, you can probably add the wildfires in California.
But the economy cannot take off like it really has the potential to do unless we reduce the tax burden on the families, businesses, and workers of our country. And we'll be able to do that. I think we're getting tremendous receptivity from the people. I hope we get the same receptivity from Congress. But we are getting tremendous accolades for what we're doing having to do with both reform and with the massive tax cuts; it will be the largest tax cuts in the history of our country.
We're one of the highest-taxed nations in the world right now, costing us millions of jobs and trillions and trillions of dollars. It's time to restore America's competitive edge and pass historic tax cuts for the American people. One point in GDP would be $2.5 trillion. Think of that -- revenues. One point -- if we go up from three to four. And when I began, we were in the ones, and now the last quarter we were at 3.2 percent. And we're going up higher.
But if we went, as an example, from two to three or from three to four -- talking about $2.5 trillion. And we're also talking about many millions of jobs.
So we want to also reduce excessive government spending, and that's what we're working on at our Cabinet meeting today. As we head into next year's budget season, I've asked Director Mulvaney to come up and find various savings in all of the departments that are gathered around the table, which is everybody. I need my Cabinet to work with Director Mulvaney to fight these spending cuts -- fight for them -- and make sure that they happen. And we want to make the departments as lean and efficient as possible, but at the same time, we're going to need departments with lots of heart, lots of heart.
One thing we're going to be looking at very strongly is welfare reform. That's becoming a very, very big subject, and people are taking advantage of the system. And then other people aren't receiving what they really need to live, and we think it's very unfair to them. But some people are really taking advantage of our system from that standpoint, and we are going to be looking very, very strongly there for welfare reform. It's going to be a very big topic under this administration, and it started already. And we have a lot of recommendations that we're going to be making, and you'll be hearing about them very shortly.
The other thing we're doing that relates to people's lives is the prescription drug prices are out of control. The drug prices have gone through the roof. And if you look at the same exact drug by the same exact company, made in the same exact box and sold someplace else, sometimes it's a fraction of what we pay in this country -- meaning, as usual, the world is taking advantage of the United States. They're setting prices in other countries and we're not.
The drug companies, frankly, are getting away with murder, and we want to bring our prices down to what other countries are paying, or at least close and let the other countries pay more. Because they're setting such low prices that we're actually subsidizing other countries, and that's just not going to happen anymore.
This has been going on for years where our people are paying so much more for it. And I don't mean they're paying 2 percent more; I mean they're paying double, triple, quadruple. They're paying so much more that it's very unfair to the United States, as usual.
Last week, I also sent a letter to Congress outlining my administration's top priorities for immigration reform. This was a bottom-up effort driven by dedicated law enforcement professionals, and they took a big oath to protect our nation.
The Justice Department is doing a fantastic job on the border and with regard to immigration -- more than anyone has ever seen before from a Justice Department. Thank you very much, Jeff. It's really had an impact and a very positive impact, and now we're going to take it to five steps further.
Our proposal closes dangerous loopholes and vulnerabilities that enable illegal immigration, asylum fraud, and visa overstays. The visa overstays are just -- you're talking about numbers that nobody even knows what they are, they're so out of control. And we're going to take care of that.
When you look at what's going on in Mexico -- Mexico is having a tough time right now in terms of crime. More than ever, we need the wall. We have drugs pouring through on the southern border; they're literally pouring through. And we have to have the wall, and we're going to have the wall. But if you look at just what's happening on the other side of the border with the tremendous crime and the tremendous problems going on -- we have a very good relationship with Mexico but there are a lot of problems, and we don't want the drugs and we don't want the crime, but we need the wall.
Recently, we've asked Congress to ensure that any proposed immigration reform ends chain migration; one person comes in and then brings everybody in his family in with him or her. And we have to end chain migration, which -- it's critical for creating a system that puts American workers and the American taxpayer first.
Last Thursday, I proudly nominated Kirstjen Nielsen to serve as Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security. I urge the Senate to quickly confirm this really tremendously qualified nominee, and I also ask for my other nominees.
We have approximately half the number of nominees confirmed by the Senate because, frankly, the Democrats have terrible policy -- terrible -- and they're very good at, really, obstruction, the one thing they do well. Their policy is no good, and I'm not even sure they're very good politicians because they don't seem to be doing too well. That could be because of their bad policy. But they're great at obstruction, and we have half the nominees that President Obama had at this time.
It's very unfair. They're taking everybody right after the final moment, in many cases confirming them with tremendous majorities. But they're bringing them out purposefully. They're bringing them right down to the final. We have people that are totally qualified, they're going to pass, but they're going to have to wait a long time because it's total obstruction.
I can say the same thing with our judicial nominees, our judges. We have some of the most qualified people. The Wall Street Journal wrote a story about it the other day, that this is some of the most qualified people ever, and they're waiting forever on line. And it shouldn't happen that way. It's not right, and it's not fair.
I want to thank Acting Secretary Elaine Duke for her leadership in responding to the catastrophic storms that have struck our nation and our territories.
We've also issued a disaster declaration in California in response to the devastating wildfires like we've never seen. And we mourn the terrible loss of life. We have FEMA and first responders there. We have our military helping. It's very sad to watch how fast -- how rapidly they move and how people are caught in their houses. It's an incredible thing -- caught in their houses.
So we have a lot of people helping -- the government in California -- and we've made a lot of progress in the last couple of days. But we're a little subject to winds and what happens with nature, but it's been a -- it's a very sad thing to watch.
We also continue to pray for the victims of the mass shooting in Las Vegas. We cannot erase the pain of those who lost their loved ones but we pledge to never leave their side. We're working with them very much so, with the FBI and law enforcement, Department of Justice. And it's -- I guess a lot of people think they understand what happened, but he was a demented, sick individual. The wires were crossed pretty badly in his brain -- extremely badly in his brain -- and it's a very sad event.
In each of these tragedies, we've witnessed, however, a tremendous strength and heroism of our people. Each one of these tragedies that we've had, we have witnessed such strength and such heroism. When Americans are unified, no destructive force on Earth can even come close to breaking us apart. We have a lot of work to do on behalf of our magnificent country and our extraordinary citizens.
A great trust has been placed upon each member of our Cabinet. We have a Cabinet that -- there are those that are saying it's one of the finest group of people ever assembled as a candidate -- as a Cabinet. And I happen to agree with that. Of course, I should agree with that. But I think we have an extraordinary group of people around this table.
This is a tremendous amount of talent, and I wouldn't say I was necessarily looking to be politically correct, although I ended up being politically correct because that was the right thing to do, in every sense of the word. However, we have just gotten really, really great people. I'm very proud of them.
So we're going to work with all of those things I just outlined and many more. You know we have the Iran Deal that right now is being studied, and I think a lot of people agreed with what I did. I feel strongly about what I did. I'm tired of being taken advantage of as a nation. This nation has been taken advantage of for many, many years -- for many decades, frankly -- and I'm tired of watching it.
But the Iran Deal was something that I felt had to be done, and we'll see what phase two is. Phase two might be positive, and it might be very negative. It might be a total termination. That's a very real possibility; some would say that's a greater possibility. But it could also could turn out to be very positive. We'll see what happens.
I thought the tone of the Iranian leaders was very modified, and I was happy to see that, but I don't know if that means anything. They're great negotiators. They negotiated a phenomenal deal for themselves but a horrible deal for the United States, and we're going to see what happens.
The healthcare, as you know, is moving along. I knocked out the CSRs; that was a subsidy to the insurance companies. That was a gift that was, frankly, what they gave the insurance companies. Just take a look at their stocks. Take a look at where their stock was when Obamacare was originally approved and what it is today. You'll see numbers that anybody -- if you invested in those stocks, you'd be extremely happy.
And they have given them, you could almost call it, a payoff. And it's a disgrace. And that money goes to the insurance companies. We want to take care of poor people, we want to take care of people that need help with healthcare. And that's what I'm here to do. And I'm never going to get campaign contributions, I guarantee you that, from the insurance companies. But a lot of other people got them. If you look at the Democrats, take a look at that. Take a look at how much money has been spent by the Democrats and by the health companies on politicians generally. But take a look at the coffers of the Democrats.
So the CSR payments has actually brought Republicans and Democrats together, because we got calls -- emergency calls from the Democrats, and I think probably the Republicans were also calling them, saying, let's come up with at least a short-term fix of healthcare in this country. And the gravy train ended the day I knocked out the insurance companies' money, which was last week. Hundreds of millions of dollars a month handed to the insurance companies for very little reason, believe me. I want the money to go to the people. I want the money to go to poor people that need it. I want the money to go to people that need proper healthcare, not to insurance companies, which is where it's going as of last week. I ended that.
So we have a lot of interesting things to do. I'm meeting with Mitch McConnell in a little while for lunch. I think we're going to say a few words on the steps after that. I know you won't have any questions. And pretty much that's it. Enjoy yourselves, folks, and I'll see you out there with Mitch McConnell.
Thank you very much.
Q Mr. President, do you approve of Steve Bannon’s war on Mitch McConnell and the Republican establishment?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, Steve is very committed. He’s a friend of mine, and he’s very committed to getting things passed.
I mean, look, I have -- despite what the press writes, I have great relationships with actually many senators, but in particular with most Republican senators. But we're not getting the job done.
And I’m not going to blame myself, I’ll be honest. They are not getting the job done. We've had healthcare approved, and then you had the surprise vote by John McCain. We've had other things happen, and they're not getting the job done. And I can understand where Steve Bannon is coming from. And I can understand -- to be honest with you, Jon, I can understand where a lot of people are coming from because I’m not happy about it and a lot of people aren’t happy about it.
We need tax cuts. We need healthcare. Now, we're going to get the healthcare done. In my opinion, what’s happening is, as we meet -- Republicans are meeting with Democrats because of what I did with the CSR, because I cut off the gravy train. If I didn't cut the CSRs, they wouldn’t be meeting. They’d be having lunch and enjoying themselves, all right?
They're right now having emergency meetings to get a short-term fix of healthcare where premiums don't have to double and triple every year like they've been doing under Obamacare. Because Obamacare is finished. It’s dead. It’s gone. It’s no longer -- you shouldn’t even mention. It’s gone. There is no such thing as Obamacare anymore. It is -- and I said this years ago: It’s a concept that couldn’t have worked. In its best days it couldn’t have worked.
But we're working on some kind of a short-term fix prior to the Republicans getting together, maybe with some Democrats -- again, it’s obstruction -- but maybe with some Democrats, to fix healthcare permanently.
So I think we’ll have a short-term fix with Republicans and Democrats getting together. And after that, we're going to have a successful vote because, as you know, we were one vote short, and I think we have the votes right now. Whether it’s through block grants or something else -- block-granting the money back to the states, which does seem to make sense where the states run it because it’s a smaller form of government that can be more individually sensitive. So that will happen fairly shortly. As soon as we have the next reconciliation, I think we’ll get the vote for healthcare. I feel very confident about that. I think we already have the vote for healthcare.
Sadly, the Democrats can't join us on that, which will be the long-term fix. But I do believe we’ll have a short-term fix because I think the Democrats will be blamed for the mess. This is an Obamacare mess.
When the premiums go up, that has nothing to do with anything other than the fact that we had poor healthcare -- delivered poorly, written poorly, approved by the Democrats. It was called Obamacare.
But I think we’ll have a short-term fix and then we’ll have a long-term fix, and that will take place probably in March or April. We will have a very solid vote. It will be probably 100 percent Republican -- no Democrats. But most people know that that's going to be a very form of health insurance.
So that will be it. Okay? Any other questions? No? Thank you I’ll see you in a little while.
Q (Inaudible) Bannon campaigning against Republicans running for reelection?
THE PRESIDENT: I know how he feels. Depends on who you're talking about. There are some Republicans, frankly, that should be ashamed of themselves. But most of them -- I tell you what, I know the Republican senators; most of them are really, really great people that want to work hard, and they want to do a great thing for the American public.
But you had a few people that really disappointed us. They really, really disappointed us. So I can understand fully how Steve Bannon feels. Okay? Thank you very much.
Q Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you.
END
12:00 P.M. EDTSouth Lawn
1:38 P.M. EDT
Q What do you say to critics who say that you ending the CSRs, the subsidies under Obamacare, will throw the markets into chaos?
THE PRESIDENT: What it's going to do is it's going to be time to negotiate healthcare that's going to be good for everybody. That money is a subsidy for insurance companies. Take a look at their stocks. Look where they are. They're going through the roof, from past -- I don’t know about today. But the insurance companies that made a fortune, that money was a subsidy and almost, you could say, a payoff for insurance companies.
And what we have to do is come up with great healthcare. Now, that's what I did partially yesterday; that's going to cover a big segment. But now, for the rest, we have to come up with great -- whether it's going to be block grants or something else. And we just about have the votes.
Now, if the Democrats were smart, what they'd do is come and negotiate something where people could really get the kind of healthcare that they deserve, being citizens of our great country.
Q Mr. President, on the Iranian nuclear deal, why not just scrap it altogether now? You threatened to do so. Why not just end it now, withdraw?
THE PRESIDENT: Because we'll see what happens over the next short period of time. And I can do that instantaneously. I like a two-step process much better.
Q (Inaudible) healthcare?
THE PRESIDENT: Because I think what we'll do is we'll be able to renegotiate so that everybody gets to. We just took care of a big chunk, and now we'll take care of the other chunk. What would be nice -- if the Democratic leaders could come over to the White House, we'll negotiate some deal that's good for everybody. That's what I'd like. But they're always a block vote against everything. They're like obstructionists. If they came over, maybe we could make a deal. But the subsidy is really a subsidy to the insurance company. That's not going to people; that's making the insurance companies rich.
Q Mr. President, you had said you were going to rip the Iran deal up, and you called it the worst ever.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I may do that. I may do that. The deal is terrible. So what we've done is, through the certification process, we'll have Congress take a look at it, and I may very well do that. But I like a two-step process much better.
John.
Q The moves that you've made on Obamacare here, with the executive order yesterday and then removing the subsidies --
THE PRESIDENT: We have great support.
Q -- is that a way for you to put pressure on Democrats and say, look, you're going to lose it -- come to the table and negotiate with them?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, they've already lost a big chunk, because as you know that's a big chunk and it's very popular. And you will have millions and millions of people sign up under that. You could say -- I mean, I'm not doing that consciously. I will say this, John -- I will say that the Democrats should come to me; I would even go to them. Because I'm only interested in one thing: getting great healthcare for this country. That was a big chunk. And as far as the subsidy is concerned, I don’t want to make the insurance companies rich. If you look at their stock price over the last number of years, take a look at what's happened with those insurance companies. They're making a fortune by getting that kind of money.
Q How long will you give Rex Tillerson to get this new deal? And are strikes on Iran still a possibility if you don’t get what you want?
THE PRESIDENT: We will see what happens with Iran. We're very unhappy with Iran. They have not treated us with the kind of respect that they should be treating. They should have thanked Barack Obama for making that deal. They were gone. They were economically gone. He infused $100 [billion] to $150 billion into their economy. He gave them $1.7 billion in cash. And they should be, "Thank you, President Obama." They didn’t say that.
Q On opioids, your wife is with you. She's been talking about the opioid crisis. You said you would declare a national emergency more than two months ago. What's taking so long?
THE PRESIDENT: We are studying national emergency right now. Believe it or not, doing national emergency, as you understand, is a very big statement.
We will be doing that. My wife, Melania, who happens to be right here, finds that subject to be of such vital importance, and she's very much involved. And as you know, she's on the committee and really wants to be involved in that process.
Q Have you spoken with Theresa May or Emmanuel Macron about the Iranian Deal?
THE PRESIDENT: Yes.
Q What did they say to you? What did you say to them?
THE PRESIDENT: They would love me to stay in, only for one reason: Look at the kind of money that's being sent. You know, Iran is spending money in various countries.
And I've always said it, and I say to them: Don't do anything. Don't worry about it. Take all the money you can get. They're all friends of mine.
Actually, Emmanuel called up, and he talked to me. And I said, look, Emmanuel, they just gave Renault a lot of money. Take their money; enjoy yourselves. But we'll see what happens.
Iran has to behave much differently.
Q You promised that you would help people who are struggling. The CSR payment looks like it will hurt low-income people.
THE PRESIDENT: The CSR payments, if you take a look at CSR payments, that money is going to insurance companies to prop up insurance companies.
Q To help lower-income people.
THE PRESIDENT: That money is going to insurance companies to lift up their stock price, and that's not what I'm about.
Take a look at who those insurance companies support, and I guarantee you one thing: It's not Donald Trump.
Q So you don’t think it will raise premiums at all?
Q Mr. President, the JCPOA fix that's being floated by Senators Cotton, Corker, and Rubio that would remove the sunset provisions, strengthen IAEA inspections, do some other things. Does that meet the bar for you, or do you need more?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I think we're going to take a look, John, at what happens. We're going to see what happens. We're going to see what they come back with. They may come back with something that's very satisfactory to me, and if they don't, within a very short period of time, I'll terminate the deal.
And as far as Puerto Rico is concerned, I love Puerto Rico.
Q (Inaudible) going down to Puerto Rico, and saying you won't stay there forever. You didn't say that about Texas or Louisiana. You said it about Puerto Rico. Why?
THE PRESIDENT: We've done a great job. We've done a great job in Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico has to get the infrastructure going. We're helping them with their infrastructure.
But most important on Puerto Rico is their electric plants are essentially gone. Now, they were gone before the hurricane; they were in bankruptcy, they owed $9 billion -- I think it was $9 billion. But the plants, as you know, were -- the electric was a disaster. After the storm, even more so.
We have to help them get the plants rebuilt. That's a long-term project, unfortunately. But we have to help them.
But I love the people of Puerto Rico, and we're going to help them.
Q On Puerto Rico, Mr. President, do you want to make sure that there remains a very bright line between hurricane relief and debt relief so that the two don’t become so mingled?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, you have to watch -- you can't say there was a hurricane, and now we're going to spend X dollars. And we also have to do something with all the money that's been invested, mostly private. The government is going to have to become before that money, because the government is going to want security. They're going to have to become before that money. And I'm sure we'll be able to work that out.
But the Puerto Rican people have tremendous spirit. When I was there and I looked at the way that -- what they have to go through. They have a lot of problems. We're going to help them straighten it out.
Q Could you clarify where you are on North Korea? You raised some eyebrows when you said this is "the calm before the storm." What's next on North Korea?
THE PRESIDENT: We're going to see what happens with North Korea. That's all I can say. We're going to see what happens. We're totally prepared for numerous things. We are going to see what happens with North Korea.
I will say, look, if something can happen where we negotiate, I'm always open to that. But if it's going to be something other than negotiation, believe me, we are ready, more so than we have ever been.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
END
1:46 P.M. EDT12:53 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. My fellow Americans: As President of the United States, my highest obligation is to ensure the safety and security of the American people.
History has shown that the longer we ignore a threat, the more dangerous that threat becomes. For this reason, upon taking office, I've ordered a complete strategic review of our policy toward the rogue regime in Iran. That review is now complete.
Today, I am announcing our strategy, along with several major steps we are taking to confront the Iranian regime’s hostile actions and to ensure that Iran never, and I mean never, acquires a nuclear weapon.
Our policy is based on a clear-eyed assessment of the Iranian dictatorship, its sponsorship of terrorism, and its continuing aggression in the Middle East and all around the world.
Iran is under the control of a fanatical regime that seized power in 1979 and forced a proud people to submit to its extremist rule. This radical regime has raided the wealth of one of the world’s oldest and most vibrant nations, and spread death, destruction, and chaos all around the globe.
Beginning in 1979, agents of the Iranian regime illegally seized the U.S. embassy in Tehran and held more than 60 Americans hostage during the 444 days of the crisis. The Iranian-backed terrorist group Hezbollah twice bombed our embassy in Lebanon -- once in 1983 and again in 1984. Another Iranian-supported bombing killed 241 Americans -- service members they were, in their barracks in Beirut in 1983.
In 1996, the regime directed another bombing of American military housing in Saudi Arabia, murdering 19 Americans in cold blood.
Iranian proxies provided training to operatives who were later involved in al Qaeda’s bombing of the American embassies in Kenya, Tanzania, and two years later, killing 224 people, and wounding more than 4,000 others.
The regime harbored high-level terrorists in the wake of the 9/11 attacks, including Osama bin Laden’s son. In Iraq and Afghanistan, groups supported by Iran have killed hundreds of American military personnel.
The Iranian dictatorship’s aggression continues to this day. The regime remains the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism, and provides assistance to al Qaeda, the Taliban, Hezbollah, Hamas, and other terrorist networks. It develops, deploys, and proliferates missiles that threaten American troops and our allies. It harasses American ships and threatens freedom of navigation in the Arabian Gulf and in the Red Sea. It imprisons Americans on false charges. And it launches cyberattacks against our critical infrastructure, financial system, and military.
The United States is far from the only target of the Iranian dictatorship’s long campaign of bloodshed. The regime violently suppresses its own citizens; it shot unarmed student protestors in the street during the Green Revolution.
This regime has fueled sectarian violence in Iraq, and vicious civil wars in Yemen and Syria. In Syria, the Iranian regime has supported the atrocities of Bashar al-Assad’s regime and condoned Assad’s use of chemical weapons against helpless civilians, including many, many children.
Given the regime’s murderous past and present, we should not take lightly its sinister vision for the future. The regime’s two favorite chants are “Death to America” and “Death to Israel.”
Realizing the gravity of the situation, the United States and the United Nations Security Council sought, over many years, to stop Iran’s pursuit of nuclear weapons with a wide array of strong economic sanctions.
But the previous administration lifted these sanctions, just before what would have been the total collapse of the Iranian regime, through the deeply controversial 2015 nuclear deal with Iran. This deal is known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, or JCPOA.
As I have said many times, the Iran Deal was one of the worst and most one-sided transactions the United States has ever entered into. The same mindset that produced this deal is responsible for years of terrible trade deals that have sacrificed so many millions of jobs in our country to the benefit of other countries. We need negotiators who will much more strongly represent America’s interest.
The nuclear deal threw Iran’s dictatorship a political and economic lifeline, providing urgently needed relief from the intense domestic pressure the sanctions had created. It also gave the regime an immediate financial boost and over $100 billion dollars its government could use to fund terrorism.
The regime also received a massive cash settlement of $1.7 billion from the United States, a large portion of which was physically loaded onto an airplane and flown into Iran. Just imagine the sight of those huge piles of money being hauled off by the Iranians waiting at the airport for the cash. I wonder where all that money went.
Worst of all, the deal allows Iran to continue developing certain elements of its nuclear program. And importantly, in just a few years, as key restrictions disappear, Iran can sprint towards a rapid nuclear weapons breakout. In other words, we got weak inspections in exchange for no more than a purely short-term and temporary delay in Iran’s path to nuclear weapons.
What is the purpose of a deal that, at best, only delays Iran’s nuclear capability for a short period of time? This, as President of the United States, is unacceptable. In other countries, they think in terms of 100-year intervals, not just a few years at a time.
The saddest part of the deal for the United States is that all of the money was paid up front, which is unheard of, rather than at the end of the deal when they have shown they’ve played by the rules. But what’s done is done, and that's why we are where we are.
Iranian regime has committed multiple violations of the agreement. For example, on two separate occasions, they have exceeded the limit of 130 metric tons of heavy water. Until recently, the Iranian regime has also failed to meet our expectations in its operation of advanced centrifuges.
The Iranian regime has also intimidated international inspectors into not using the full inspection authorities that the agreement calls for.
Iranian officials and military leaders have repeatedly claimed they will not allow inspectors onto military sites, even though the international community suspects some of those sites were part of Iran’s clandestine nuclear weapons program.
There are also many people who believe that Iran is dealing with North Korea. I am going to instruct our intelligence agencies to do a thorough analysis and report back their findings beyond what they have already reviewed.
By its own terms, the Iran Deal was supposed to contribute to “regional and international peace and security.” And yet, while the United States adheres to our commitment under the deal, the Iranian regime continues to fuel conflict, terror, and turmoil throughout the Middle East and beyond. Importantly, Iran is not living up to the spirit of the deal.
So today, in recognition of the increasing menace posed by Iran, and after extensive consultations with our allies, I am announcing a new strategy to address the full range of Iran’s destructive actions.
First, we will work with our allies to counter the regime’s destabilizing activity and support for terrorist proxies in the region.
Second, we will place additional sanctions on the regime to block their financing of terror.
Third, we will address the regime’s proliferation of missiles and weapons that threaten its neighbors, global trade, and freedom of navigation.
And finally, we will deny the regime all paths to a nuclear weapon.
Today, I am also announcing several major steps my administration is taking in pursuit of this strategy.
The execution of our strategy begins with the long-overdue step of imposing tough sanctions on Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. The Revolutionary Guard is the Iranian Supreme Leader’s corrupt personal terror force and militia. It has hijacked large portions of Iran’s economy and seized massive religious endowments to fund war and terror abroad. This includes arming the Syrian dictator, supplying proxies and partners with missiles and weapons to attack civilians in the region, and even plotting to bomb a popular restaurant right here in Washington, D.C.
I am authorizing the Treasury Department to further sanction the entire Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps for its support for terrorism and to apply sanctions to its officials, agents, and affiliates. I urge our allies to join us in taking strong actions to curb Iran's continued dangerous and destabilizing behavior, including thorough sanctions outside the Iran Deal that target the regime's ballistic missile program, in support for terrorism, and all of its destructive activities, of which there are many.
Finally, on the grave matter of Iran’s nuclear program: Since the signing of the nuclear agreement, the regime's dangerous aggression has only escalated. At the same time, it has received massive sanctions relief while continuing to develop its missiles program. Iran has also entered into lucrative business contracts with other parties to the agreement.
When the agreement was finalized in 2015, Congress passed the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act to ensure that Congress’s voice would be heard on the deal. Among other conditions, this law requires the President, or his designee, to certify that the suspension of sanctions under the deal is “appropriate and proportionate” to measure -- and other measures taken by Iran to terminate its illicit nuclear program. Based on the factual record I have put forward, I am announcing today that we cannot and will not make this certification.
We will not continue down a path whose predictable conclusion is more violence, more terror, and the very real threat of Iran’s nuclear breakout.
That is why I am directing my administration to work closely with Congress and our allies to address the deal’s many serious flaws so that the Iranian regime can never threaten the world with nuclear weapons. These include the deal’s sunset clauses that, in just a few years, will eliminate key restrictions on Iran’s nuclear program.
The flaws in the deal also include insufficient enforcement and near total silence on Iran’s missile programs. Congress has already begun the work to address these problems. Key House and Senate leaders are drafting legislation that would amend the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act to strengthen enforcement, prevent Iran from developing an inter- -- this is so totally important -- an intercontinental ballistic missile, and make all restrictions on Iran’s nuclear activity permanent under U.S. law. So important. I support these initiatives.
However, in the event we are not able to reach a solution working with Congress and our allies, then the agreement will be terminated. It is under continuous review, and our participation can be cancelled by me, as President, at any time.
As we have seen in North Korea, the longer we ignore a threat, the worse that threat becomes. It is why we are determined that the world’s leading sponsor of terrorism will never obtain nuclear weapons.
In this effort, we stand in total solidarity with the Iranian regime’s longest-suffering victims: its own people. The citizens of Iran have paid a heavy price for the violence and extremism of their leaders. The Iranian people long to -- and they just are longing, to reclaim their country’s proud history, its culture, its civilization, its cooperation with its neighbors.
We hope that these new measures directed at the Iranian dictatorship will compel the government to reevaluate its pursuit of terror at the expense of its people.
We hope that our actions today will help bring about a future of peace, stability, and prosperity in the Middle East –- a future where sovereign nations respect each other and their own citizens.
We pray for a future where young children -- American and Iranian, Muslim, Christian, and Jewish -- can grow up in a world free from violence, hatred, and terror.
And, until that blessed day comes, we will do what we must to keep America safe.
Thank you, God bless you, and God bless America. Thank you.
END
1:11 P.M. EDTOmni Shoreham Hotel
Washington, D.C.
10:22 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, Tony. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA!
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. You know, I've been here before. (Laughter.) You do know that. Before the big day on November 8th, I was here. I want to thank Mark Meadows and all of the folks that have really made this possible. And, Tony, tremendous guy.
We have some incredible people that we love and that we're involved with. So we all know that. And I'm being followed by Mr. Bennett -- you know that, right? And I've been watching him say nice things about me before I knew him. Those are the ones I like -- (laughter) -- where they speak well of you before you know them. Right?
But I really want to thank everybody, and, Tony, for your extraordinary leadership of this organization. And I want to thank, also, Lawana, for your dedication to the faith community and to our nation. Work so hard.
It’s great to be back here with so many friends at the 2017 Values Voter Summit, and we know what that means. (Applause.) We know what that means. America is a nation of believers, and together we are strengthened and sustained by the power of prayer. (Applause.)
As we gather for this tremendous event, our hearts remain sad and heavy for the victims of the horrific mass murder last week in Las Vegas. It was an act of pure evil.
But in the wake of such horror, we also witnessed the true character of our nation. A mother laid on top of her daughter to shield her from gunfire. A husband died to protect his beloved wife. Strangers rescued strangers, police officers -- and you saw that, all of those incredible police officers, how brave they were, how great they were running into fire. (Applause.) And first responders, they rushed right into danger.
Americans defied evil and hatred with courage and love.
The men and women who risked their lives to save their fellow citizens gave proof to the words of this scripture: “The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome it.” (Applause)
All of America is praying for the wounded and the grieving, and we will be with them today and we will be with them forever. (Applause.) Just want to finish by saying that -- really, and we understand it was so horrific to watch and so terrible -- but to those who lost the ones they love: We know that we cannot erase your pain, but we promise to never, ever leave your side. We are one nation, and we all hurt together, we hope together, and we heal together. (Applause.)
We also stand with the millions of people who have suffered from the massive fires, which are right now raging in California, and the catastrophic hurricanes along the Gulf Coast, in Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands. And I will tell you, I left Texas, and I left Florida, and I left Louisiana, and I went to Puerto Rico, and I met with the president [governor] of the Virgin Islands.
These are people that are incredible people. They've suffered gravely, and we'll be there. We're going to be there. We have, really -- it's not even a question of a choice. We don't even want a choice. We're going to be there as Americans, and we love those people and what they've gone through. And they're all healing, and their states and territories are healing, and they're healing rapidly.
In the wake of the terrible tragedies of the past several weeks, the American people have responded with goodness and generosity, and bravery. You've seen it. The heroism of everyday citizens reminds us that the true strength of our nation is found in the hearts and souls of our people.
When America is unified, no force on Earth can break us apart. (Applause.) We love our families. We love our neighbors. We love our country. Everyone here today is brought together by the same shared and timeless values. We cherish the sacred dignity of every human life. (Applause.)
We believe in strong families and safe communities. We honor the dignity of work. (Applause.) We defend our Constitution. We protect religious liberty. (Applause.) We treasure our freedom. We are proud of our history. We support the rule of law and the incredible men and women of law enforcement. (Applause.) We celebrate our heroes, and we salute every American who wears the uniform. (Applause.)
We respect our great American flag. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
And we stand united behind the customs, beliefs and traditions that define who we are as a nation and as a people.
George Washington said that “religion and morality are indispensable” to America’s happiness, really, prosperity and totally to its success. It is our faith and our values that inspires us to give with charity, to act with courage, and to sacrifice for what we know is right.
The American Founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence -- four times. (Applause.) How times have changed. But you know what, now they're changing back again. Just remember that. (Applause.)
Benjamin Franklin reminded his colleagues at the Constitutional Convention to begin by bowing their heads in prayer.
Religious liberty is enshrined in the very first amendment of the Bill of Rights. And we all pledge allegiance to -- very, very beautifully -- “one nation under God.” (Applause.)
This is America’s heritage, a country that never forgets that we are all -- all, every one of us -- made by the same God in Heaven. (Applause.)
When I came to speak with you last year, I made you a promise. Well, one of the promises I made you was that I’d come back. See? (Applause.) And I don't even need your vote this year, right? That's even nicer. (Laughter.)
But I pledged that, in a Trump administration, our nation’s religious heritage would be cherished, protected, and defended like you have never seen before. That's what’s happening. That's what’s happening. You see it every day. You're reading it.
So this morning I am honored and thrilled to return as the first sitting President to address this incredible gathering of friends -- so many friends. (Applause.) So many friends. And I'll ask Tony and all our people that do such a great job in putting this event together -- can I take next year off or not? (Laughter.) Or do I have to be back? I don't know.
AUDIENCE: No!
THE PRESIDENT: He's saying -- they're saying no. Lawana is saying no. That's means no. (Laughter.)
So I'm here to thank you for your support and to share with you how we are delivering on that promise, defending our shared values, and in so doing, how we are renewing the America we love.
In the last 10 months, we have followed through on one promise after another. (Applause.) I didn't have a schedule, but if I did have a schedule, I would say we are substantially ahead of schedule. (Applause.)
Some of those promises are to support and defend the Constitution. I appointed and confirmed a Supreme Court Justice in the mold of the late, great Justice Antonin Scalia, the newest member of the Supreme Court, Justice Neil Gorsuch. (Applause.)
To protect the unborn, I have reinstated a policy first put in place by President Ronald Reagan, the Mexico City Policy. (Applause.) To protect religious liberty, including protecting groups like this one, I signed a new executive action in a beautiful ceremony at the White House on our National Day of Prayer -- (applause) -- which day we made official. (Applause.)
Among many historic steps, the executive order followed through on one of my most important campaign promises to so many of you: to prevent the horrendous Johnson Amendment from interfering with your First Amendment rights. (Applause.) Thank you. We will not allow government workers to censor sermons or target our pastors or our ministers or rabbis. These are the people we want to hear from, and they're not going to be silenced any longer. (Applause.)
Just last week, based on this executive action, the Department of Justice issued a new guidance to all federal agencies to ensure that no religious group is ever targeted under my administration. It won't happen. (Applause.)
We have also taken action to protect the conscience rights of groups like the Little Sisters of the Poor. You know what they went through. (Applause.) What they went through -- they were going through hell. And then all of the sudden they won. They said, how did that happen? (Laughter.)
We want to really point out that the Little Sisters of the Poor and other people of faith, they live by a beautiful calling, and we will not let bureaucrats take away that calling or take away their rights. (Applause.)
We are stopping cold the attacks on Judeo-Christian values. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you very much. And something I've said so much during the last two years, but I'll say it again as we approach the end of the year. You know, we're getting near that beautiful Christmas season that people don't talk about anymore. (Laughter.) They don't use the word "Christmas" because it's not politically correct. You go to department stores, and they'll say, "Happy New Year" and they'll say other things. And it will be red, they'll have it painted, but they don't say it. Well, guess what? We're saying “Merry Christmas” again. (Applause.)
And as a Christmas gift to all of our hardworking families, we hope Congress will pass massive tax cuts for the American people. (Applause.) That includes increasing the child tax credit and expanding it to eliminate the marriage penalty. (Applause.) Because we know that the American family is the true bedrock of American life. So true. (Applause.) This is such an exciting event because we are really working very hard, and hopefully Congress will come through.
You saw what we did yesterday with respect to healthcare. It's step by step by step. (Applause.) And that was a very big step yesterday. Another big step was taken the day before yesterday. And one by one it's going to come down, and we're going to have great healthcare in our country. We're going to have great healthcare in our country. (Applause.) We're taking a little different route than we had hoped, because getting Congress -- they forgot what their pledges were. (Laughter.) So we're going a little different route. But you know what? In the end, it's going to be just as effective, and maybe it will even be better. (Applause.)
For too long, politicians have tried to centralize the authority among the hands of a small few in our nation’s capital. Bureaucrats think they can run your lives, overrule your values, meddle in your faith, and tell you how to live, what to say, and how to pray. But we know that parents, not bureaucrats, know best how to raise their children and create a thriving society. (Applause.)
We know that faith and prayer, not federal regulation -- and, by the way, we are cutting regulations at a clip that nobody has ever seen before. Nobody. (Applause.) In nine months, we have cut more regulation than any President has cut during their term in office. So we are doing the job. (Applause.) And that is one of the major reasons, in addition to the enthusiasm for manufacturing and business and jobs -- and the jobs are coming back.
That's one of the major reasons -- regulation, what we've done -- that the stock market has just hit an all-time historic high. (Applause.) That just on the public markets we've made, since Election Day, $5.2 trillion in value. Think of that: $5.2 trillion. (Applause.) And as you've seen, the level of enthusiasm is the highest it's ever been, and we have a 17-year low in unemployment. So we're doing, really, some work. (Applause.)
We know that it's the family and the church, not government officials, that know best how to create strong and loving communities. (Applause.) And above all else, we know this: In America, we don't worship government -- we worship God. (Applause.) Inspired by that conviction, we are returning moral clarity to our view of the world and the many grave challenges we face.
This afternoon, in a little while, I'll be giving a speech on Iran, a terrorist nation like few others. And I think you're going to find it very interesting. (Applause.)
Yesterday, things happened with Pakistan, and I have openly said Pakistan took tremendous advantage of our country for many years, but we're starting to have a real relationship with Pakistan and they're starting to respect us as a nation again, and so are other nations. They're starting to respect the United States of America again, and I appreciate that. (Applause.) And I want to thank the leaders of Pakistan for what they've been doing.
In this administration, we will call evil by its name. (Applause.) We stand with our friends and allies, we forge new partnerships in pursuit of peace, and we take decisive action against those who would threaten our people with harm. (Applause.) And we will be decisive -- because we know that the first duty of government is to serve its citizens. We are defending our borders, protecting our workers, and enforcing our laws. You see it every single day like you haven't seen it in many, many years -- if you've seen it at all. (Applause.)
In protecting America’s interests abroad, we will always support our cherished friend and partner, the State of Israel. (Applause.) We will confront the dangers that imperil our nation, our allies, and the world, including the threat of radical Islamic terrorism. (Applause.)
We have made great strides against ISIS -- tremendous strides. I don't know if you've seen what's going on, but tremendous strides against ISIS. They never got hit like this before. (Laughter.)
AUDIENCE MEMBER: (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: Stand up. Stand up. Let me see -- he's a rough guy. I can see it.
But they've been just ruthless and they've ruthlessly slaughtered innocent Christians, along with the vicious killing of innocent Muslims and other religious minorities. And we've made their lives very, very difficult -- believe me. (Applause.)
We've done more against ISIS in nine months than the previous administration has done during its whole administration -- by far, by far. (Applause.) And ISIS is now being dealt one defeat after another. We are confronting rogue regimes from Iran to North Korea, and we are challenging the communist dictatorship of Cuba and the socialist oppression of Venezuela. And we will not lift the sanctions on these repressive regimes until they restore political and religious freedom for their people. (Applause.)
All of these bad actors share a common enemy, the one force they cannot stop, the force deep within our souls, and that is the power of hope. That is why, in addition to our great military might, our enemies truly fear the United States. Because our people never lose faith, never give in, and always hope for a better tomorrow.
Last week, Melania and I were reminded of this in a powerful way when we traveled to Las Vegas. We visited a hospital where some of the survivors were recovering from absolutely horrific wounds. We met a young man named Brady Cook. He’s 22 and a brand-new police officer. That night was Brady’s second day in field training -- his second day as a policeman, can you believe that? But when the shooting began, he did not hesitate. He acted with incredible courage, rushing into the hail of bullets, and he was badly shot in the shoulder.
This is what Brady said: "I didn't expect it, but it's what I signed up for. When stuff goes down, I want to be there to face evil and to protect the good, innocent people that need it." And here's a young guy, great guy -- and second day. I said, Brady, don't worry about it, it's going to be easier from here. (Laughter and applause.) Brady is a hero, and he can’t wait to get back on the job.
Several weeks before, when Hurricane Harvey hit Houston, a local furniture storeowner, who’s known in Texas as “Mattress Mack,” decided he had to help. When the rain began to flood the streets of the city, he sent out his furniture trucks to rescue the stranded. He brought them back to his stores, and gave them food and a clean, dry place to stay, even if it meant ruining countless dollars’ worth of furniture.
As “Mattress Mack” put it, “My faith defines me, it’s who I am." "We can afford [the cost]…what we can't afford" -- we can't -- and he said this very strongly, "what we can't afford is to cause people to lose hope.”
In Brady and Mack, we see the strength of the American spirit. This spirit of courage and compassion is all around us, every day. It is the heartbeat of our great nation. And despite certain coverage, that beat is stronger than it’s ever been before. You see right through it. (Applause.) That beat is stronger than it’s ever been.
We see this spirit in the men and women who selflessly enlist in our armed forces and, really, who go out and risk their lives for God and for country. And we see it in the mothers and the fathers who get up at the crack of dawn; they work two jobs and sometimes three jobs. They sacrifice every day for the furniture and -- future of their children. They have to go out. They go out. They work. The future of their children is everything to them. They put it before everything. And they make sure that the future of their children has God involved in it. So important to them. (Applause.)
We see it in the church communities that come together to care for one another, to pray for each other, and to stand strong with each other in times of need.
The people who grace our lives, and fill our homes, and build our communities are the true strength of our nation, and the greatest hope for a better tomorrow.
As long as we have pride in our country, confidence in our future, and faith in our God, then America will prevail.
We will defeat every evil, overcome every threat, and meet every single challenge. We will defend our faith and protect our traditions. We will find the best in each other and in ourselves. We will pass on the blessings of liberty, and the glories of God, to our children. Our values will endure, our nation will thrive, our citizens will flourish, and our freedom will triumph.
Thank you to the Value Voter Summit. Such an incredible group of people you are. Thank you to all of the faithful here today. And thank you to the people of faith all across our nation and all over the world.
May God bless you. May God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much, everybody. (Applause.)
END 10:51 A.M. EDTEast Room
2:40 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thank you very much. Please. Melania and I are honored to welcome to the Cabinet and welcome everybody to the White House because this is a very, very special place, and I am going to be very proud to announce my nomination for the next Secretary of Homeland Security, Kirstjen Nielsen.
In my opinion, and in my campaign for President, I promised that my highest priority would be to secure America's homeland. I pledged to protect our country from the many threats we face from all around the world, to keep our people safe and secure at home, and to give our full support to the men and women of law enforcement.
For the first six months of my administration, the Department of Homeland Security was led by the great four-star general, John Kelly. Where is John Kelly? Stand up, John. (Applause.) A Marine. He's a proud Marine. (Applause.) He's done a great job.
Secretary Kelly led the department to make historic strides in all of its critical missions, from immigration enforcement, to guarding our coasts, our waterways, to enhancing our resilience against natural disasters and emergencies. He's one of the finest people I have ever had the privilege to know, and we are deeply fortunate that he is now here at the White House as our Chief of Staff. Do you agree with that, Kirstjen?
MS. NIELSEN: Yes, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: I do too. (Laughter.) That was a close one, right?
During John Kelly's time at DHS, right by his side was Kirstjen, the chief of staff for the department. He would be the first to tell you that she was critical to his success. There, she quickly reinforced a sterling reputation as a dedicated leader whose number-one priority is always the safety and security of our country and our citizens, not politics or ideology. That sets her apart.
There will be no on-the-job training for Kirstjen. She is ready on day one. Would you say?
MS. NIELSEN: Yes, sir. Ready, ready, ready.
THE PRESIDENT: Good. At DHS, Kirstjen was integral to the progress we have made in controlling our borders, confronting gang violence, preparing for disasters, and protecting aviation security.
Given her great talent, her knowledge, and devotion, I selected Kirstjen as the Principal Deputy Chief of Staff at the White House. In her current position, Kirstjen plays a crucial role in managing White House functions and coordinating with federal agencies and with Melania, who has got -- really, she's done some great work for a lot of different groups. And she is the one that will very much miss you in your current position, I can tell you. Is that a correct statement? She was a little disappointed to hear this news. (Laughter.)
Through her wisdom and her leadership, she has won the universal respect of my entire Cabinet and senior White House staff.
Previously, Kirstjen served President Bush as Special Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Senior Director for Prevention, Preparedness, and Response. In this role, she oversaw policy and implementation related to protecting our critical infrastructure, our cybersecurity, counterterrorism, and emergency preparedness. She is also a former senior fellow at the Center for Cyber and Homeland Security at George Washington University.
Additionally, for the first time in history, a former employee at the department is going to lead the department. So that's the first. That's the way it should be. It should have happened a lot over the years, but it didn't. (Laughter.)
She joined the Transportation Security Administration in a policy role soon after the September 11th attacks. It's hard to imagine a more qualified candidate for this critical position.
She is joined today by her father, James. James -- where is James? Stand up, James. Great father. (Applause.) Her uncle and aunt from North Carolina, Trevor and Mary Ellen Burton (ph), and several other family members and loved ones. Her mother is no longer with us, but, Kirstjen, we know she is looking down on you today and she is incredibly proud.
We will be very sad to see this incredible woman leave the White House, but we are truly thrilled for all that she is going to accomplish for our nation, for the citizens of this great country in her new role.
In light of the serious threats facing our country, and the urgent disaster recovery efforts, I call upon the Senate to put politics aside and confirm this tremendously qualified and talented nominee with a strong bipartisan vote.
At this crucial time, we need the Senate to confirm a Secretary of Homeland Security, one who is ready to lead on day one. Kirstjen has my full faith and confidence, and she also has the complete confidence of the law enforcement officers, dedicated professionals, and senior leadership at the Department of Homeland Security.
The officers and agents at Homeland Security risk their lives for our country every single day. They work together day and night to shield us, to protect us, and to inspire everything that we're about. They are totally devoted to this nation. They are driven by a love of country and by a conviction that every American, no matter who they are or where they come from, should have a community that is safe where their families are secure and where their needs will always come first.
These great public servants, and every American across our country, deserve a Homeland Security Secretary as committed and ready as Kirstjen. For the last three months, Acting Secretary Elaine Duke has provided exactly that kind of leadership during a crucial time for our country. Melania and I are particularly grateful for her contributions to the rapid and lifesaving response for the families affected by the wildfires in California and during one of the worst hurricane seasons in United States history. She is going to be a great partner for Kirstjen as Deputy Secretary at the department.
Kirstjen, congratulations again to you, your friends, and your family. I know you will fulfill your duties with dedication, determination, and resolve. And I know you will never waver in fulfilling your obligations to the citizens, the laws, and the country we all took an oath to protect. May God bless you. May God bless America. Good luck. (Applause.)
MS. NIELSEN: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much, Mr. President. Thank you for the honor of this nomination and for your extraordinary leadership. I am humbled by the trust you are placing in me. And should I be confirmed, I will, with the utmost strength and dedication, work every day to protect and secure our homeland.
I also want to thank the First Lady, the Vice President, the members of the Cabinet who are here with us today. I know it's last minute, I know how busy you are, so I greatly, greatly appreciate the time and effort that you made to be here today.
It's an incredible privilege to work at the White House and, before that, to have served in this administration at the Department of Homeland Security. I'm especially honored because I had the privilege of serving alongside the great men and women who stood up DHS after the terrible attacks of September 11, 2001.
Since the department's creation, I witnessed and continue to witness the dedication of these men and women, their professionalism, and their unwavering resolve to protect the nation. I share the President's profound commitment to the security of our country and the safety of the American people. Truly, there is nothing more valuable than to feel safe and secure in your homeland.
Mr. President, if confirmed, it will be the highest honor of my life to again work with and support these remarkable public servants and to continue to serve all of the American people.
In recent weeks, communities across our nation have been struck by natural disasters of historic proportions. Americans across the country have seen the devotion of this department and the extraordinary team at DHS who, along with their federal, state, local, and territorial partners, have been working around the clock to save lives, provide mental care and vital supplies, and to rebuild our communities.
I also know that this rebuilding will take years, and I want to echo what the President has said many times: We will remain fully engaged in the long recovery effort ahead of us.
If confirmed as the sixth Secretary of Homeland Security, I will work every day to enforce the law, secure our borders, our coasts and our waterways, and to protect Americans from dangerous criminals, terrorists, cyberattacks, and all the other threats facing our homeland today.
If confirmed, I look forward to continuing the record of exceptional leadership that General John Kelly and Acting Secretary Elaine Duke have established at DHS -- truly big shoes to fill. I will also continue to give the dedicated men and women of the department the support, tools, resources that they need and deserve to carry out their difficult and often dangerous missions.
I look forward to speaking with the members of the Senate -- both Republicans and Democrats -- to answer their questions and seek their advice, and, if confirmed, to work closely with them and all members of Congress in the years ahead.
Finally, I want to thank General Kelly for allowing me to serve with him. He is the epitome of selfless service and truly leads by example. Sir, it's a tremendous honor.
I would also like to thank my family for their incredible love and support throughout my life. This day would not have been possible without all of you.
Through my service, I hope to make all of you proud and to live up to your high standards and the standards the American people expect and deserve.
Thank you again, Mr. President, for this opportunity to serve your administration and to help fulfill your commitment to defend the nation we all love. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
2:52 P.M. EDT11:34 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thank you very much to Vice President Pence for that wonderful introduction and for the great job you do. And I want thank Secretary Acosta, Secretary Mnuchin, Acting Secretary Hargan, and Administrator McMahon for joining us today. We're all gathered together for something, I believe, that's going to be very, very powerful for our nation and very good for a lot of people.
But before I begin, I have a important update. Yesterday, the United States government, working with the government of Pakistan, secured the release of Caitlan Coleman, Joshua Boyle, and their three children from captivity from the Haqqani Network, a terrorist organization with ties to the Taliban. The Pakistani government's cooperation is a sign that it is honoring America's wish that it do more to provide security in the region.
And I want to thank the Pakistani government. We want to thank Pakistan. They worked very hard on this, and I believe they're starting to respect the United States again. It's very important. I think right now a lot of countries are starting to respect the United States of America once again.
We hope to see this type of cooperation and teamwork in helping secure the release of remaining hostages and in our future joint counterterrorism operations.
So with that, I want to begin by saying it's my pleasure to welcome so many great small business and association leaders to the White House as we prepare to make this truly historic announcement. And that's exactly what it is.
We've been hearing about the disaster of Obamacare for so long -- in my case, many years, most of it outside in civilian life. And for a long period of time since I've started running and since I became President of the United States, I just keep hearing "repeal and replace, repeal and replace." Well, we're starting that process, and we're starting it in a very positive manner.
And I can say, when you get Rand Paul on your side, it has to be positive, that I can tell you. (Laughter.) Boy. (Applause.) I was just saying as he's getting up and saying all these wonderful things about what we're going to be announcing, I said, boy, that's pretty unusual. I'm very impressed. (Laughter.)
But seven years ago, congressional Democrats broke the American healthcare system by forcing the Obamacare nightmare onto the American people. And it has been a nightmare. You look at what's happening with the premiums and the increases of 100 percent and 120 percent, and even in one case, Alaska, over 200 percent. And now, every congressional Democrat has blocked the effort to save Americans from Obamacare, along with a very small, frankly, handful of Republicans -- three. And we're going to take care of that also because I believe we have the votes to do block grants at a little bit later time, and we'll be able to do that.
Premiums have gone skyrocketing. But today, one-third of all the counties in America have only a single insurer selling coverage on an exchange, and next year it looks like nearly half of all counties in our country -- think of that -- all of the counties, one half will have only one insurer. And many will have none. Many will have absolutely created roadblocks for people to have any form of the insurance we're talking about.
is why, in a few moments, I will sign an executive order taking the first steps to providing millions of Americans with Obamacare relief.
It directs the Department of Health and Human Services, the Treasury, and the Department of Labor to take action to increase competition, increase choice, and increase access to lower-priced, high-quality healthcare options. And they will have so many options. This will cost the United States government virtually nothing, and people will have great, great healthcare. And when I say people, I mean by the millions and millions.
we aim to allow more small businesses to form associations to buy affordable and competitive health insurance. This would open up additional options for employers to purchase the health plans their workers want.
I'm also directing Secretary Acosta to consider ways to expand these associations and these healthcare plans all across state lines. This will create tremendous competition and transformative -- in so many ways -- change aimed at creating more and lower prices for millions of Americans.
But the competition will be staggering. Insurance companies will be fighting to get every single person signed up, and you will be hopefully negotiating, negotiating, negotiating, and you'll get such low prices for such great care. Should have been done a long time ago, and it could have been done a long time ago.
This will allow thousands of small business employers to have the same purchasing power as large employers to get more affordable and generous insurance options for their workers. Rich and Leslie Baudry -- where are they? Where are they? How are you? Nice to see you. Come on, get up here. Come on. How are you? Nice to see you, Leslie.
They're here today from Louisiana -- a great state. I just left. They had a little hurricane damage, a little, sort of -- they got hit, Lake Charles. But we took good care of it, right?
MS. BAUDRY: Absolutely.
THE PRESIDENT: We took good care of it. They're great people.
They're small business owners, and they know personally the benefits of association health plans, one of which used to provide health insurance for their employees.
But after Obamacare, they were unable to afford their association plan. So they had a great thing, their employees were happy, and then it ended like so many more. I mean, this is something I hear. Greg, you know exactly what I'm talking about. Greg has been so incredible on this subject. And people had plans that worked, and then all of a sudden they were just totally cut off. And it happened to your company also.
Rich and Leslie have said that they would love, once again, to use an association health plan, and there are millions of Americans who want more affordable options just like them. And now, with this executive order, Americans will likely soon have those options. We will be very happy to provide them to you, and you will be very happy, Rich. I think you're going to be extremely pleased. If you're not, you can tell them right now, okay? (Laughter.)
MS. BAUDRY: Thank you so much.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Leslie. Appreciate it. Great to see you. Thank you very much.
In addition, my administration will explore how we can expand something called short-term limited duration insurance. These health insurance policies are not subject to any very expansive and expensive Obamacare coverage mandates and rules. The cost of the Obamacare has been so outrageous it is absolutely destroying everything in its wake.
They were so attractive that, just last year, the previous administration crippled the market in an effort to keep people from fleeing the failing Obamacare plans. In fact, they prevented these plans from lasting more than three months. They will take action to fix that and to make these affordable, flexible plans much more widely available. So we're going to have a very widely available plan that's going to cost much less. And from the standpoint of the United States government, we will be very happy, won't we, Virginia?
REPRESENTATIVE FOXX: We will, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: So they'll get better and it will cost us nothing. That's not too bad, right? (Laughter.) We need some more answers like that.
Finally, today's executive order instructs Secretaries Acosta, Mnuchin, and Hargan to explore how they can allow more businesses to use tax-free health reimbursement arrangements or HRAs to compensate their employees for their healthcare expenses. Currently, only about one-third of small business employees receive coverage at work, forcing millions of workers to enroll in the exchanges or remain uninsured and to pay the individual mandate penalty. Not good. Not good. That is one of the most unpopular things I've ever seen in government, I can tell you.
This order takes first steps to make it easier for businesses to help their workers afford high-quality and more flexible healthcare through reimbursement accounts. With these actions, we are moving toward lower costs and more options in the healthcare market and taking crucial steps towards saving the American people from the nightmare of Obamacare.
Today is only the beginning. In the coming months, we plan to take new measures to provide our people with even more relief and more freedom. And, by the way, on another subject, that will include massive tax cuts. We are going to get massive tax cuts, and I believe even Senator Rand Paul, and I know Virginia, Greg, I think you're with us. But the whole country is looking for these massive tax cuts, and we will get them.
And we're going to also pressure Congress very strongly to finish the repeal and the replace of Obamacare once and for all. We will have great healthcare in our country.
you all very much. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Mr. President, you need to sign it.
THE PRESIDENT: Oh. (Laughter.) I'm only signing it because it costs nothing. (Laughter.)
Well, this is promoting healthcare choice and competition all across the United States. This is going to be something that millions and millions of people will be signing up for, and they're going to be very happy. This will be great healthcare.
So congratulations to everybody. (Applause.)
(The executive order is signed.)
END
11:46 A.M. EDTHangar 71, Pennsylvania Air National Guard
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania
5:44 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. It's great to be back in Pennsylvania with the proud men and women of the American Trucking Associations. (Applause.) We love Pennsylvania, and we love our great truckers. (Applause.)
I also want to thank all of our wonderful members of Congress who are here with us today. Should I read their names? Yes? (Applause.) Then I will.
Representative Lou Barletta, great guy, running for governor. (Applause.) He's running for the Senate. He's running for the -- where's Lou? So, I heard he was running for governor, but then I heard he was running for the Senate. He's going to win. You're going to win big. You're going to win big, Lou. Good luck. (Applause.)
A friend of mine for a long time, Representative Mike Kelly. (Applause.) Thank you, Mike.
Tom Marino -- going to be the drug czar. He's going to do a great job. Tom Marino. (Applause.) Thank you, Tom. He's going to be amazing. The drug czar.
Patrick Meehan. Patrick. (Applause.) Thank you, Patrick.
Scott Perry. (Applause.) Scott.
And Lloyd Smucker. (Applause.) Lloyd, thank you. Thank you, Lloyd.
I also want to thank a couple of very special people. They've been fantastic in what they've done. Secretary of the Treasury Steve Mnuchin, who is here someplace. (Applause.) And Gary Cohn, Director of the National Economic Council. Thank you, Gary. Thank you. (Applause.)
And Mike Turzai, the Speaker of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. Thank you, Mike. (Applause.)
I think that's enough, right? That's enough. (Laughter and applause.) We'll start losing the crowd, Mike.
Before we begin, I want to take a moment to address some of the recent tragedies that have struck our incredible nation. In the darkest moments, the light of our people has shown through like seldom before -- their goodness, their courage, and their love. No destructive force on Earth is more powerful than the strength and resilience of the American people. (Applause.)
We are praying for all of the families affected by the horrific mass shooting that took place in Las Vegas. We grieve with you, and we will never leave your side.
Our hearts are also with the victims of the wildfires in California’s Napa and Sonoma valleys -- and they are wild and dangerous fires. And we have FEMA out there right now, along with a lot of first responders doing an incredible job with everybody else. And they really have done a really incredible -- and it's a very dangerous job. My FEMA people are incredible -- incredible. (Applause.)
We have issued a disaster declaration and are working closely with state government. The recovery effort is fully underway for those impacted by the recent catastrophic hurricanes.
Through these difficult times, we have witnessed the unbreakable spirit of our nation. Together, we will restore, rebuild, and return stronger than ever before. That's what's happening. (Applause.)
We are here today to discuss our vision for America’s economic revival, which has already started. It started on November 8th. (Applause.)
We want lower taxes, bigger paychecks, and more jobs for American truckers and for American workers. It's happening. (Applause.)
Nothing gets done in America without the hardworking men and women of the trucking industry. Do we agree with that? Do we agree? (Applause.) Thank you so much -- job you do.
When your trucks are moving, America is growing. Do you agree? (Applause.) That is why my administration has taken historic steps to remove the barriers that have slowed you down. America first means putting American truckers first. (Applause.)
Since January of this year, we have slashed job-killing red tape all across our economy. We have stopped or eliminated more regulations in the last eight months than any President has done during an entire term. (Applause.) It's not even close.
That includes eliminating the regulations that drive up the cost of energy. We want low-cost fuel for our truckers and for our families all across this country. And we are just getting started, believe me -- just getting started. (Applause.)
I've ordered every agency across the federal government to review and then remove the regulations that destroy your jobs, hamstring your companies, and undermine your ability to compete.
My administration is also committed to passing a historic infrastructure package that will generate $1 trillion to rebuild America's crumbling infrastructure with a special focus on roadways and highways. (Applause.)
It is time to take care of our country, to rebuild our communities, and to protect our great American workers. It's about time. (Applause.)
And already, we are seeing the incredible results. Results that, in many cases, the media hates to report. But I'll report them tonight for you. (Applause.)
Unemployment is at a 16-year low. (Applause.) Wages are rising -- and you know you haven't heard that in a long time. (Applause.)
The stock market is soaring to record levels, boosting pensions and retirement accounts for hardworking Americans. Their values are going up every single day. (Applause.)
And very proudly, just in the stock market alone, we have increased our economic worth by $5.2 trillion dollars. That's right since Election Day -- $5.2 trillion. (Applause.)
Think about that. That's a quarter of the $20 trillion that we owe. So we've already -- but listen to this because we've doubled -- in the last eight years of the previous administration, the debt doubled, so that in eight years our debt -- literally hundreds of years of debt -- doubled in eight years to $20 trillion.
But since the election on November 8th, I've increased the value of your U.S. assets by more than the $20 trillion that we currently owe. (Applause.) You haven't heard those numbers.
GDP growth reached more than 3.1 percent last quarter -- way ahead of schedule. We weren't supposed to hit that number for a long time. (Applause.) Not for a long time. And I will tell you, I think this quarter would have even been better, but we did get hit with some very, very powerful hurricanes. But it's still going to be very good.
Manufacturing confidence is at an all-time high, which is great news for those who ship products to the marketplace. The confidence in our country is back like it hasn't been in many, many years. (Applause.)
The fact is, America is finally back on the right track. But our country, and our economy, cannot take off like they should unless we transform America’s outdated, complex, and extremely burdensome tax code. (Applause.)
And that's why I'm here with you right now, tonight. Thank you. And we're going to fight, and we're going to get those Republicans and maybe of few of those Democrats to raise their hand. And you're going to have so much money to spend in this wonderful country and this great economy. (Applause.)
That is why we have proposed tax cuts that are pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-worker, pro-family, and pro-American. (Applause.)
We need a tax system that is fair to working families and that encourages companies to stay in America, grow in America, spend in America, and hire in America. (Applause.)
Throughout the year, my administration has worked closely with Congress to develop a framework for tax reform that will deliver exactly that: more jobs, higher pay, and lower taxes for middle-income families and for American businesses of all size. (Applause.)
Our tax reform framework will achieve our four core principles:
First, we will cut taxes for everyday, hardworking Americans. (Applause.) Under our framework, the first $12,000 for a single individual and the first $24,000 for a married couple, will be tax free. No tax at all. (Applause.)
And remember, you'll do your tax on a single piece of paper. (Applause.) H&R Block will not like Donald Trump very much. That's one company, I will tell you -- they will not like me at all. And that's okay. We are nearly doubling the amount of income that based at the zero bracket.
In other words, as the Democrats say -- and do they say untruths -- you look at what's happened, they're not telling you the truth. Because they pretend there isn't a zero rate. And there is, and it's expanding very substantially under my plan. They don't show the zero rate. So they go, oh, 15 percent, or 12 percent against 15. But it's not. It's 12 percent against zero. You take a look at the categories. So we're bringing it down, remember, from eight brackets to four. But they're forgetting to use the zero bracket, which truly is deceptive. Do we agree with that? (Applause.) It's truly very deceptive.
Under our framework, we make the zero bracket bigger and get rid of the 10 percent bracket, and we're reducing the 15 percent rate down to 12 percent. So that's a massive amount of money. (Applause.)
So the rates are coming down to 0, 12 percent, 25 percent, and 35 percent -- all big beneficiaries from what you have now. Big beneficiaries from what there is like you haven't seen before.
Joining us today is Susi Schlomann, a retiree who recently moved to Pennsylvania from Queens, New York. Well, I like both places. I like Pennsylvania; I grew up in Queens. (Applause.) Went to school in Pennsylvania. Like them both. Where's Susi? Where are you, Susi? Where's Susi? Hi, Susi. How are you doing? You're going to be happy with this, right? Because you know what I'm going to say. Thanks, Susi.
And Susi says that high taxes are forcing seniors like her to make painful cuts and cutbacks during the golden years of their lives. Best years of their lives. She hopes Congress will pass our framework so we can help more American seniors make ends meet on a fixed income. We must honor and respect -- (applause) -- the people whose decades of hard work helped to build our country and to make our country great. But we're going to make our country greater than it's ever been before. That's what's happening. (Applause.)
Our framework also provides relief to those who care for an adult dependent or elderly loved one through a $500 tax credit. So important, and so many people have wanted it. And we will substantially increase the child tax credit to save working families even more money. (Applause.)
The single most important investment our country can make is in our children. The strength of our nation is determined by the strength of our families, and we are committed to helping parents make starting and raising a family more affordable.
Also with us today is Laureen Cummings, a mother of four who owns a small staffing company that provides private nursing services and at-home care. Laureen. Where's Laureen? Hello, Laureen. (Applause.)
Laureen says that if Congress passes tax relief and reform, she will be able to create more high-paying jobs for healthcare workers in the Scranton area. That's an area that we love, I will tell you that. (Applause.)
Our framers framework will unlock the American dream for millions of our fellow citizens. By eliminating tax breaks and special interest loopholes that primarily benefit the wealthy, our framework ensures that the benefits of tax reform go to the middle class, not to the highest earners.
It's a middle-class bill. That's what we're thinking of. That's what I want. I've had rich friends of mine come up to me, and say, Donald, you're doing this tax plan -- we don't want anything. We don't. Now, they gain when the economy gains. They gain when companies get better. They gain in lots of different ways. But they don't want that. So many people have come up to me and say, give it to the middle class. Give it to people that need it. Give it to people that want to spend it. You would be surprised.
Bob Kraft, he owns the New England Patriots, good guy, does very well. Good guy. He does a great job. He was at the White House recently. He gave me a Super Bowl ring. I was very honored. (Applause.) I was very honored. And as he's leaving the White House, he said, Donald, I know you're very soon going to be doing tax reform and tax cuts. Give it to the middle class. Don't give it to us. Give it to the middle class. And that's what we're trying so hard to do. And you will see how good this is. (Applause.) So important. It is so important.
The second plank of our tax framework is to make the tax code more simple, fair, and easy to understand.
American families and businesses waste billions of hours, and tens of billions of dollars, on excruciating paperwork -- you see that, I mean it's all over the place, and you have no idea what you're doing anyway -- and compliance every single year. Massive numbers of paper. Under our framework, the vast majority of families will be able to file their taxes on that same single sheet of paper that I'm so proud of talking about. (Applause.)
As part of the effort to make our tax system simple and fair, we are going to protect thousands of family businesses by ending the crushing, horrible, and unfair estate tax, sometimes known as the death tax. (Applause.) That's a tax that has destroyed so many businesses and kept those businesses out of your family, your children, your grandchildren. It's very sad. But we are working to end the estate tax, to end the death tax, as it's often called. (Applause.)
In the crowd today, we have Calvin Ewell and his son, Steve. Calvin. Where's Calvin? Where is Calvin? (Applause.) Good-looking family.
The Ewells has been a trucking business and in the trucking business since 1946, a very good year. (Applause.) It's a great year. I love that year. Trucking runs in their blood, and Calvin wants to pass his company along to his children, just as it was passed down to him by his father.
We are going to protect small businesses owners and their families so they can continue to run their companies with dedication and with love. (Applause.)
And we will make taxes simple, and easy, and fair for all Americans. (Applause.) Thank you, Calvin.
Calvin, you want to hand that business down, right? But you know, don't worry about it for about 40 year, I hope, okay? 4-0 -- long time. Right? Let’s keep him around. Thank you, Calvin. (Applause.)
Third, we will cut taxes on American businesses to restore our competitive edge and to create more jobs and higher wages for American workers.
The last major tax reform was passed more than 30 years ago in 1986, with a large bipartisan majority. I mean, it was a bipartisan bill. That would be wonderful. But sadly, the Democrats have become obstructionists. They want to stop. They don't want to do anything productive. They want to raise your taxes very, very substantially.
I mean, I won't even talk about open borders and higher taxes. That's not a good combination to get elected, believe me. But it's open borders and high taxes, but they are good at obstruction.
The 1986 tax bill substantially reduced our corporate tax rates to make America globally competitive. The plan worked, and jobs and industry boomed.
Other countries saw our success however and they copied our playbook. Our foreign competitors adopted tax rates much lower than ours and much more competitive, and all of the sudden, they started taking our businesses away from us.
In fact, when it comes to the business tax, we are now dead last among developed nations. Our rate is the least competitive rate. We have the highest tax rate anywhere in the world. How foolish is this?
Our business tax rate is 60 percent higher than our average economic competitor. The current system has placed a massive tax on every product made in America. Remember the expression, "Made in the USA," "Made in America"? You don't hear that so much, but you're now starting to hear it again.
What do you like better -- "Made in America" or "Made in the USA"? Ready?
Made in America. (Applause.)
Made in the USA. (Applause.)
Seems to be -- hi, Jeffrey -- the great Jeffrey Lord. (Applause.) He was on fake news CNN for a long time. He was one of my few sources of truth. Thank you, Jeffrey, for being here. That's a great honor. Thank you. (Applause.) Good man.
But giving so many countries a tremendous advantage over us -- if you look at China at 15 percent, and Mexico -- all of these countries has a lower tax rate than the United States. You can't compete that way.
It is time to end this unfair disadvantage and to give American companies and workers the level playing field they so richly deserve, finally. (Applause.)
Because when American truckers -- and I mean these great, great people. These are great heroes. If they have a level playing field, there's nobody on Earth with trucks or any other way that can beat you folks. There's nobody. I know what you go through. There is nobody that can beat you. Nobody. (Applause.)
But you finally have a government -- and frankly, you finally have somebody that has given up a lot. My other life was very good. I have to be -- I had a very good life. (Applause.) I had a very good life. But you know what, I'm having a better life now, and I'm helping a lot of people, and that's as far as I'm concerned. (Applause.)
And believe me, I love doing this because we're doing so much, between the regulations and the taxes and the getting a Supreme Court judge not just nominated but getting him onto the Supreme Court -- Justice Gorsuch, who is doing a great, great job at the Supreme Court -- and appointing so many other great judges throughout the country. (Applause.) It was so important. They were so important. So I appreciate that.
But you finally have a government that is going to defend you and stand up for you and your country. (Applause.)
America is being respected again. Something happened today where a country that totally disrespected us called with some very, very important news. And one of my generals came in, they said, you know, I have to tell you, a year ago they would have never done that. It was a great sign of respect. You'll probably be hearing about it over the next few days. But this is a country that did not respect us. This is a country that respects us now. The world is starting to respect us again, believe me. (Applause.)
Under our new framework, you will dramatically cut the business tax rate so that American companies and workers can win against those foreign competitors who are winning, in many cases, because they have an unfair advantage. We will cut the corporate tax rate from 35 percent and more, all the way down to no more than 20 percent -- below the average of our major competitors from other countries. (Applause.)
The biggest winners from this transformation will be everyday families, from all backgrounds, from all walks of life, and our great companies, which will produce the jobs. They are going to produce jobs like you've never seen before.
When companies leave our shores, it’s the American workers who get hurt. And when companies stay in America, and move to America, it’s our wonderful workers who reap the rewards, including our great truckers who will have more products to deliver and more contracts to fill. That's the way it happens. (Applause.)
For the many American truckers who file taxes as sole-proprietors, S corporations or partnerships, we will cap your top tax rate at a maximum of 25 percent -- substantially lower than what you're paying now. (Applause.)
The more than 30 million Americans who have small businesses will see -- listen to this -- a 40 percent cut in their marginal tax rate -- 40 percent. (Applause.) I wouldn't want to be a politician against that. (Laughter.) They're going to have a long, hard winter.
This will be the lowest top marginal income tax rate for small and mid-sized businesses in more than 80 years. Not since 1931 have they had taxes anywhere near that level, right? (Applause.)
This huge -- (laughter) -- tax cut -- two words, "huge" and now "rocket." Can you believe it? I have (inaudible.) Rocket! You know what we're talking about, folks, don't worry about it. It will be rocket fuel and it will be rocket fuel for our economy.
With us today is Kevin Burch of Jet Express, who has been in the trucking business for more than 40 years. Where is he? Kevin? (Applause.) Forty years? You don't look that old, Kevin. Good. Good job.
Kevin says that if Congress passes our tax relief and reform plan, he will be able to invest in new equipment and additional training for his dockworkers, drivers, and technicians. He wants to create more American jobs, and we are working to help him do exactly that. Plus, we're working on a tax write-off that will be almost immediate with your investment. That's something that you've never seen before. (Applause.)
And that's part of our plan because companies, in order to compete over the next five-year period, allows our framework and within our framework, that you write-off 100 percent of the cost of new equipment in the year you buy it. When have you heard that one? (Applause.) That's going to be a big one. That's going to be big.
I've had calls from great, great businesspeople. They said, Mr. President, did you really say that? I said, yes, I did. And I might say, they do call me now, "Mr. President." It's very interesting. I've had friends for years, they know me -- hey, Don, how are you doing? How's it going? Blah, blah, blah. Now, when they see me, they're all uptight. Uh, Mr. President, how is everything?
It's weird. I say, will you please loosen up? All of these are friends for 30 years, and they get a little bit tight. But they are impressed with the one-year immediate write off. That's what they're impressed by. I think they're very impressed.
We want our companies to invest and expand, because that means more jobs, more products rolling off the assembly line, and more truckers delivering those products to stores all across our country.
Finally, our framework encourages American companies to bring back the trillions and trillions of dollars in wealth parked overseas. (Applause.) Trillions of dollars.
Our current tax code actually punishes companies for keeping their headquarters in America. You see that. That's happening. They're being punished. It discourages them from bringing back the profits they earn overseas.
In 2016, American multinational companies kept 71 percent of their foreign-earned profits overseas and away from our country. Our framework will totally reverse this, and it's a very, very troubling trend. We'll be bringing back, probably, very close to 100 percent of the money back into our country where it can be put to work, and jobs will be created. (Applause.)
We will totally eliminate the penalty on returning future earnings back to the United States. And we will impose a one-time low tax on money currently parked overseas so it can be brought back home to America where it belongs, and where it can do its job. (Applause.)
My Council of Economic Advisers estimates that this change, along with a lower tax rate, would likely give the typical American household a $4,000 pay raise. (Applause.) Could be a lot more than that, too. You haven't heard this. So about a $4,000 amount of money additional for the American family to spend. That's very exciting.
And you're going to spend that money, it's going to be put to work, and jobs are going to be produced, and we're going to start making our product again. Wouldn't that be nice? It's going to happen. (Applause.)
And by the way, not as part of our tax plan, but I am right now renegotiating trade deals that are so horrendous and so one-sided and so embarrassing for our country. We are -- you're probably reading in the papers -- renegotiating NAFTA. We're renegotiating -- (applause) -- various other deals with foreign countries that are so embarrassing and so horrendous that you would say, why on Earth would anybody have signed a deal like that?
I'll also be announcing, as you know, my statement and what we'll be doing with respect to the Iran Deal, speaking of badly negotiated deals.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE PRESIDENT: We're doing that very shortly. (Applause.)
So to summarize: Our plan goes from eight tax brackets down to four; expands the zero tax bracket greatly; expands the child tax credit; repeals the estate tax and special interest tax breaks; cuts the corporate tax rate from much more and equal to 35 percent tax, and brings it down all the way down to 20 percent; and cuts tax rates for small businesses to the lowest level in more than 80 years. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA!
THE PRESIDENT: And our great congressmen, congresswomen, and all of the people that we're working with, all I can say is: You better get it passed. (Applause.) They will. I know. And you have great ones here in Pennsylvania.
For too long, our tax code has incentivized companies to leave our country in search of lower tax rates. My administration rejects the offshoring model, and we have embraced a brand new model. It's called the American model. (Applause.)
We want companies to hire and grow in America, to raise wages for the American workers, and to help rebuild American cities and towns. We're involved in all over the world. It's now time we get involved with rebuilding our country. (Applause.)
No one knows America better than America’s truckers. Every single day, from coast to coast and border to border -- where we will have a wall, by the way. In case you had any doubt. Does anybody have a doubt?
AUDIENCE: No!
THE PRESIDENT: These guys don't have a doubt.
In our largest cities and across the rolling plains, you see the incredible beauty of our natural wonders. You see things that few people see. In fact, I think you should take a major wage reduction, you have such a beautiful thing. (Laughter.)
And we see the enduring strength of the American spirit in those same truckers. What you see is incredible every day. What you see are things that nobody else sees. And I want to tell you, to the truckers in this room, which is a lot of people: you're going to make more money, you're going to do better than ever before, and we truly admire you. You are our heroes. Believe me. You are our heroes. (Applause.)
Over the decades, you have also seen the disastrous consequences of economic surrender. Our politicians surrendered. They gave up our country. You've driven past the shuttered factories, watched thriving communities become ghost towns, and witnessed America’s wealth get shipped away to foreign lands.
Now is our chance to reclaim America’s destiny. We can breathe new life into struggling industries and forgotten towns. We can end the special deals for special interests, and we will honor the hardworking, patriotic Americans who make this country run. (Applause.)
And you can help us stock the store shelves all across the country, and around the world, with more products stamped with those beautiful words, that we're going to say it this way: Made in the USA. (Applause.)
We will lift our fellow citizens from welfare to work, from dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity. (Applause.)
American goods will sail across the oceans, American trucks will glide along our highways -- so beautiful will those highways be -- smooth, beautiful, no potholes. (Applause.) I know. No potholes.
I have many friends in the trucking business, and they tell me it's never been like this. They'll buy beautiful new equipment. By the time it goes from Los Angeles to New York and back, they have a big renovation job on their hands. They said they've never seen it like this before. They will be beautiful again. They will be smooth, beautiful, highways again. (Applause.)
The American flag -- do we love our American flag? (Applause.) Right? I think people forgot how patriotic we are. I think people forgot how much we love our country. They've learned over the last week, haven't they? (Applause.)
But American flags will soar high above the roads. Our cities and our towns will proudly display that flag. Our children will be raised in homes filled with love, communities filled with airplanes that are going back and forth -- that's okay -- but communities filled with hope, and a nation filled with pride.
We will build this future together, as one people and one nation under God. (Applause.)
With your help, and your voice, we will bring back our jobs, we will bring back our wealth, and for every citizen across this land, we will bring back our great American dreams. (Applause.)
This is a great and proud state. I am so honored to be with you tonight. Thank you, God bless you, and God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
6:25 P.M. EDT1:57 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you all very much. I very much appreciate it. We are here with a man who has become a friend of mine, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Mrs. Trudeau. Thank you so much. Appreciate it.
And we are discussing many things, including NAFTA. But we have discussions scheduled for quite a few subjects, and I think we both look very much forward. And I want to just tell you, Justin, great honor to have you both with us. Thank you. Thank you very much.
PRIME MINISTER TRUDEAU: Thank you. It's great to be back here in the Oval Office. As the President said, a lot of things to discuss. We have an incredibly close relationship -- two countries that are interwoven in our economies, cultures, and in our peoples.
But we have a good partnership, and there's always ways to improve it -- always issues we need to talk through. And that's why having an ongoing, constructive relationship between the President and the Prime Minister is really important. And I'm glad to be able to meet with you here again today.
Merci beaucoup.
Q (Speaks in French.) (No translation provided.)
PRIME MINISTER TRUDEAU: (Speaks in French.) (No translation provided.)
Q Mr. President, is NAFTA dead?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We'll see what happens. We have a tough negotiation, and it's something that you will know in the not-too-distant future. But we are going to be discussing NAFTA, and we'll be discussing defense because we have a great -- I mean, these are truly great and original allies, and their mutual defense is very important.
And I guess we'll also be discussing mutual offense, which people don't mention too often. But offense is part of defense.
So we have many things to talk about, but NAFTA will certainly be a big factor today. Okay?
Q Do you want to increase the nuclear arsenal?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: No, I never discussed increasing it. I want it in perfect shape. That was just fake news by NBC, which gives a lot of fake news, lately.
No, I never discuss -- I think somebody said I want ten times the nuclear weapons that we have right now. Right now, we have so many nuclear weapons. I want them in perfect condition, perfect shape. That's the only thing I've ever discussed.
General Mattis put out a statement, or is putting out a statement, saying that that was fake news -- that it was just mentioned that way. And it's, frankly, disgusting the way the press is able to write whatever they want to write. And people should look into it.
No, I want to have absolutely perfectly maintained -- which we are in the process of doing -- nuclear force. But when they said I want ten times what we have right now, it's totally unnecessary. Believe me. Because I know what we have right now.
Q You want no increase whatsoever? You're happy --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We won't need an increase, but I want modernization and I want total rehabilitation. It's got to be in tip-top shape.
Q Mr. President, you said that NAFTA just needed some little tweaks. What changed?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I don't think anything changed. We're negotiating a NAFTA deal. It's time, after all of these years, and we'll see what happens. It's possible we won't be able to make a deal, and it's possible that we will. We have a great personal relationship, and we have a relationship now as two countries, I think, that's as close as ever.
But we'll see if we can do the kind of changes that we need. We have to protect our workers, and, in all fairness, the Prime Minister wants to protect Canada and his people also. So we'll see what happens with NAFTA, but I've been opposed to NAFTA for a long time. In terms of the fairness of NAFTA, I said we'll renegotiate. And I think Justin understands this: If we can't make a deal, it'll be terminated and that will be fine. They're going to do well; we're going to do well, but maybe that won't be necessary. But it has to be fair to both countries.
Q Mr. President, do you think there should be limits on what the press should write?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: No, the press should speak more honestly. I mean, I've seen tremendously dishonest press. It's not even a question of distortion, like the question that was just asked before about ten times the nuclear capability. I know the capability that we have, believe me, and it is awesome. It is massive.
And so when they make up stories like that, that's just made up. And the generals will tell you that. And then they have their sources that don't exist. In my opinion, they don't exist. They make up the sources. There are no sources.
Any other question?
Q When are you going to decide what happens to NAFTA?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We'll decide over the next fairly short period of time, but I think it's going to work out very well for both countries and Mexico.
Q What's your thinking on the Iran Deal right now?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: You're going to see very soon. We're going to be announcing that very shortly.
Q If you can't make a deal with Mexico, would you still want free trade with Canada?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: What?
Q If you can’t reach a deal with Mexico, can you envision still having free trade with Canada?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Oh, sure. Absolutely. It's possible we won't be able to reach a deal with one or the other. But in the meantime, we'll make a deal with one. But I think we have a chance to do something very creative that's good for Canada, Mexico, and the United States.
Q How was your lunch with Secretary Tillerson?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Very good. You mean last week? John, you're so far behind the times. Do you mean today or last week? Because today I didn't have lunch with him.
No, I had a lunch last week, and we had a very good lunch. We have a very good relationship. The press really doesn't understand that, but that's okay. We actually have a very good relationship.
What else?
Q Are you on the same page on North Korea?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I think I have a little bit different attitude on North Korea than other people might have.
Q And your Secretary?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: And I listen to everybody, but ultimately my attitude is the one that matters, isn't it? That's the way it works. That's the way the system is.
But I think I might have a somewhat different attitude and a different way than other people. I think perhaps I feel stronger and tougher on that subject than other people, but I listen to everybody. And ultimately, I will do what's right for the United States and, really, what's right for the world. Because that's really a world problem; that's beyond just the United States. That's a world problem, and it's a problem that has to be solved.
Thank you very much everybody. Thank you.
Q If NAFTA doesn't work out, would you seek a deal with each individual country?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I would. Yes. I would see that. Yes.
Thank you, everybody.
END
2:04 P.M. EDTEast Room
3:20 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: By the way, everybody wanted to be here today. (Laughter.) And I know why.
Well, thank you all very much for being here. And before we get started, I want to say a few words to the people of California, great state -- especially with those in Napa -- Napa has been hit so hard -- and Sonoma, as they deal with the tragic loss of life and property to devastating wildfires.
I spoke with Governor Brown last night to let him know that the federal government will stand with the people of California, and we will be there for you in this time of terrible tragedy and need. And I just want to pay my warmest respects. They're going through a lot.
We also continue to pray for those grieving and wounded after the mass shooting attack in Las Vegas, and we stand in solidarity with those suffering in the aftermath of hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria. And thank you very much. We have to never forget.
To the many members of Congress who join us here today, we have many, many -- you have many fans out here, folks. You know that, right? A lot of fans. Not all from Pennsylvania too, if you can believe it. They are -- a lot of fans. (Applause.)
Members of my administration and distinguished guests, please join me in welcoming to the White House the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions, the Pittsburgh Penguins. (Applause.)
Not only are the Penguins the first team in the National Hockey League, literally, in nearly 20 years to be repeat champions, you have also captured the Cup in three out of the last nine seasons. That's pretty amazing because I know the competition is tough. (Applause.) Is it tough? Pretty tough, right? Not for you guys, it's not so tough. (Laughter.)
Over the last couple of months, the New England Patriots, the Chicago Cubs, and the NCAA champion Clemson Tigers -- football -- have all visited the White House to celebrate their great victories. It's been an honor to have them all here.
Now I want to proudly welcome the Pittsburgh Penguins owners. First of all, he's a friend of mine for a long time. He's a great, great negotiator. (Laughter.) Ron, how about negotiating some of our horrible trade deals that they've made? (Laughter.)
Here's what I want. I want to get him. I would love to have Ron Burkle. And it's great to have you, Ron. But I really mean that. If you want to get involved in negotiating NAFTA, I like it. (Laughter.) Because we're renegotiating NAFTA, Ron.
Of course, he may not like that because maybe he's on the other side. That's what is happening. That's why it's so hard to redo these trade deals because there's so many other -- you're not on the other side of NAFTA, Ron, are you?
MR. BURKLE: I am not. (Laughter and applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: And one of the all-time greats, and by the way, a really great golfer, too -- Mario Lemieux. Super Mario. (Applause.) And he hits that ball a long way.
To General Manager Jim Rutherford and Coach Mike Sullivan, I know you have a really big -- it's an early season matchup tomorrow night against the rival Washington Capitals. Are they tough? Washington Capitals? What do you think? Are they tough, huh?
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE PRESIDENT: So I want to thank you for coming today. But for us, this is really a truly great group of world champions. That's what they are; they're world champions.
We have to start with somebody that I've been watching for a long time, because I saw him when he was just about as young as you can get going into the NHL -- Sidney Crosby. Where's Sidney? (Applause.)
This guy -- man, can you play. Sidney, do you know how to win or what? Look at him, he's shy. (Laughter.) You know how to win or what? Great. Great job. What a job you've done -- 44 goals last season, 89 points in all, and once again the recipient of the Conn Smythe Trophy. (Applause.)
And Sidney, you've built an incredible legacy in Pittsburgh, and congratulations. Keep it going. Fantastic. Before it's all said and done, you might, frankly, you know, they're telling me this -- has he outdone you yet, Mario? I don't know. He's getting close. Isn't he? (Laughter.)
MR. LEMIEUX: He's got three rings.
THE PRESIDENT: You might even outdo him. I don't know. He's got to be awfully close, right?
MR. LEMIEUX: He's not at all.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, Mario is Mario. And, Sidney, congratulations.
And Sidney is not the only star that shined for the Pens last year. Evgeni Malkin -- where's Evgeni? Where's Evgeni? (Applause.) Looks like he's a basketball player. Big guy, strong, tough -- served as the other half of the "Two-Headed Monster” -- they call it the "Two-Headed Monster" -- that scored a combined total of 77 goals. Way to go, fellas. Great. That's fantastic. Fantastic. (Applause.)
Phil Kessel -- where's Phil? Phil. Come on, Phil. (Applause.) Come on. Come on. Get over here, Phil. (Laughter.) These guys don't want to be politicians. They shouldn't be. Don't be a politician. (Laughter and applause.)
Phil led the team in assists, although I hear his sister, Amanda, may be the best hockey player in the family. Is that possible? (Laughter.) You know what? I doubt it. Okay? But I hear she's really good.
Matt Murray stewarded 32 wins as goaltender and is the first goalie in league history to win the Stanley Cup championship game in each of his first two years. Where's Matt? (Applause.) I assume you have very good reflexes, right? Have you had good reflexes from day one?
MR. MURRAY: I would think so, yeah.
THE PRESIDENT: (Laughter.) Yeah. Hey, you better have, right? Way to go, Matt. We expect big things again this year out of Matt, as he will be taking on an even greater role this season between the pipes.
Sheary, Jake Guentzel -- where's Jake and Conor? Where are they? Come here. Hello. Way to go, fellas. What a group. And Justin, Justin Schultz also had really big years as some of the young upcoming stars of this team. It's got a team -- it's tremendous future. That's what I'm hearing.
Despite being sidelined to injury, Kris Letang used his experience to help younger players. (Applause.) Where's Kris? Where is Kris? Boy, you look pretty young to me, Kris. What do you mean, younger players? I mean, they get younger than you? You look fabulous. (Laughter.)
Very handsome group of people. In fact, I don't like actually -- (laughter) -- I don't like standing in front of them. (Laughter.) First thing you know, we always like unattractive teams, right? (Laughter.) And devised strategies that spurred the Pens on to a really incredible victory.
I am pleased to report that the Tanger -- right -- Tanger is healthy and back on the ice this season, where he belongs. It's going to be a great season for you. (Applause.)
Yet, many of the players really might agree that the biggest MVPs were your incredible, loyal fans. (Applause.) The Pens' faithful packed the arenas for every single game, cheering Pittsburgh’s "Boys of Winter" all the way. Great. Great fans. Great state. Great place. In fact, every one of the Penguins' home games for the past 10 straight years has been very much, to Ron Burkle's happiness, sold out. Right, Ron? Sold out. (Applause.)
So while you're dominant on the ice, the heart of the organization and its commitment to Pittsburgh shines just as brightly off the ice.
The Pittsburgh Penguins Foundation supports a number of great causes serving young people. Over a million dollars in grants were awarded to local charities last season. The annual food drive distributes thousands and thousands of pounds of food and tens of thousands of dollars to local community food banks. Since 2010, the Pittsburgh Penguins Foundation has also worked with the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center Sports Medicine to combat concussions in young athletes.
Just last week, the Pens pledged two donations of $25,000 each toward relief efforts in Puerto Rico in a support of the victims and the first responders of the terrible attack in Las Vegas. They have worked so hard -- the police, the first responders -- for everything, whether it was in Texas or in Florida, or Louisiana, or Puerto Rico, or the U.S. Virgin Islands, or that horrible, horrible situation caused by a very demented, sick person in Las Vegas. The police, every one of them -- first responders -- they've been incredible. They've been absolutely incredible. So we should give them a hand, okay? (Applause.)
Just as much as your five Stanley Cup wins, your generosity has shown the true character of this incredible organization. You are true, true champions and incredible patriots.
Now with hockey season again underway, I know you're ready to make yet another run at the Cup. The NHL has not seen a three-peat in a generation, but I know you are ready for the challenge. I'm going to be watching so closely because -- do you think you're going to be back here next year? I think so. Right? (Applause.) I have a feeling; I've been watching them.
I go to those Ranger games, and you do a lot of bad damage to our Ranger team, don't you? (Laughter.) Boy, oh boy. You do damage, but that's the way you want to do it. It's called winning. Right, Sidney? Called winning. (Laughter.) I know the Capitals will be looking for payback tomorrow night, so we will let you get back to practice.
I just, again, want to congratulate this incredible franchise on its so many victories. You embody the values of dedication, discipline, and hard work. To every young American watching today, we encourage you to always strive to be your best, to do your best, and to give your all.
We wish all the best of luck this season. You're going to have a great season. The coach is telling me your team is going to be better than ever. So let’s go Pens.
you all. God bless you. And God bless the United States of America. Fantastic. Thank you very much. Congratulations. (Applause.)
END
3:34 P.M. EDT11:48 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Henry Kissinger has been a friend of mine. I've liked him, I've respected him. But we've been friends for a long time, long before my emergence in the world of politics, which has not been too long.
But we have been really in, I guess you'd say, the New York scene a little bit -- but we got to know each other very well. He's a man I have great, great respect for. He's also somebody -- usually I say, "Have you ever been in the Oval Office?" And with Henry Kissinger, I didn't bother asking that question because he has been in this office many, many times.
But it's an honor to have Dr. Kissinger with us, a man of immense talent, and experience, and knowledge. And I'm going to talk to him for a while, and we're going to learn a lot. But I can say from a world standpoint and with many of the countries that Henry and I would talk about before the election -- because I would talk with Henry before the election -- we've made a lot of progress with many of them. We have some outstanding, and we'll handle that as we have to handle it.
But we've made a lot of progress in the Middle East with ISIS and so many other things. It's a much calmer place. But, Henry, I say often, I inherited a mess, but we're fixing it.
So you may want to say something. And thank you for being here, Henry. Thank you very much.
DR. KISSINGER: Mr. President, I didn't expect this opportunity. It's always a great honor to be in this office, and I'm here at a moment when the opportunity to build a constructive, peaceful world order is very great.
And the President is leaving on a trip to Asia, which I think will make a big contribution to progress and peace and prosperity.
Thank you for inviting me.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, Henry. I appreciate it.
Q Mr. President, is Senator Corker right that you're putting the U.S. on the path to World War III?
THE PRESIDENT: We were on the wrong path before. All you have to do is take a look. If you look over the last 25 years through numerous administrations, we were on a path to a very big problem -- a problem like this world has never seen.
We're on the right path right now, believe me.
Q Are you concerned that the Bob Corker dispute will affect tax reform at all, sir?
THE PRESIDENT: I don't think so, no. I don't think so at all. I think we're well on our way. It's very -- the people of this country want tax cuts. They want lower taxes.
We're the highest-taxed nation in the world. Our companies are not leaving so much now because we have them coming back. You see what happened. You see the announcements from companies building car plants now in Michigan; they're going to various different states. They're actually picking some additional locations. But just last week, five plants announced that they're going to build in this country.
But I will say that we're the highest-taxed nation in the world. People want to see massive tax cuts. I'm giving the largest tax cuts in the history of this country. In addition to that, there will be reform.
So I think that it's politically -- it's very positive. The people of the country want it. We're also bringing back $3 trillion from offshore. That's money that's been there for years that wants to come back into the country, but the tax situation didn't allow it to happen and the bureaucracy. And that's going to come back as part of the deal -- $3 trillion. It could even be more than that.
People want to see tax cuts, they want to see major reductions in their taxes, and they want to see tax reform -- and that's what we're doing. And we'll be adjusting a little bit over the next few weeks to make it even stronger. But I will tell you that it's become very, very popular.
And I'll also be signing something probably this week, which is going to go a long way, to take care of many of the people that have been so badly hurt on healthcare. And they'll be able to buy, they'll be able to cross state lines, and they will get great, competitive healthcare, and it will cost the United States nothing. Take care of a big percentage of the people we're talking about, too.
So with Congress the way it is, I decided to take it upon myself. So we'll be announcing that soon as far as the signing is concerned. But it's largely worked out. It's very simple in one way but very intricate in another. But it will be great, great healthcare for many, many people -- a big percentage of the number of people that we were talking about for failed Obamacare.
Now, we're going to have to do something with Obamacare because it's failing. Henry Kissinger does not want to pay 116 percent increase in his premiums, but that's what's happening. And it's actually getting worse; it's getting worse by the minute. So we're going to have to do something with Obamacare and that will work out.
But very importantly, a big percentage of people will be able to get healthcare. And they'll be able to go across state lines, they'll be able to buy from many, many competitors -- meaning the insurance companies -- and it will not cost our country anything, but they'll have great, great health insurance again.
Q Did you undercut the Secretary of State today with the IQ comment?
THE PRESIDENT: No, I didn't undercut anybody. I don't believe in undercutting people.
Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.
Q Do you still have confidence in Secretary Tillerson, sir?
THE PRESIDENT: Yes.
END
11:54 A.M. EDT4:20 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Do you ever rest? Do you people ever rest?
Q What are you asking for from Chuck Schumer?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, if we could make a deal, at least on a temporary basis, because Obamacare is exploding -- it's gone. The premiums are through the roof. You see what's happening. So if we could make a temporary deal because ultimately we're going to hand it back to the states -- we're going to block grant back to the states.
But if we made a temporary deal, I think it would be a great thing for people, but it's really up to him. Obamacare is a disaster. The numbers are out. It's exploding like I said it would. So basically, if we could do a one-year deal or a two-year deal as a temporary measure, you'll have block granting ultimately to the states, which is what the Republicans want. That really is a repeal and replace.
Q Mr. President, (inaudible) "calm before the storm" comment?
THE PRESIDENT: Nothing to clarify.
Q What's the one thing that will work with North Korea?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, you'll figure that out pretty soon.
Q Mr. President, is your relationship with Secretary Tillerson still intact?
THE PRESIDENT: Very good relationship. I have a very good -- that was fake news. That was fake news by NBC, sorry.
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: I've known Harvey Weinstein for a long time. I'm not all surprised to see it.
Q What about your Chief of Staff John Kelly?
THE PRESIDENT: John Kelly is one of the best people I've ever worked with. He's doing an incredible job, and he told me for the last two months he loves it more than anything he's ever done.
He's a military man, but he loves doing this, which is Chief of Staff, more than anything he's ever done. He's doing a great job. He will be here, in my opinion, for the entire seven remaining years.
Q (Inaudible) relationship with Secretary Tillerson? (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: No, no. He likes Secretary Tillerson; so do I. We have a very good relationship. We disagree on a couple of things. Sometimes I'd like him to be a little bit tougher, but other than that, we have a very good relationship.
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: Well he says they were in a (inaudible).
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: That's locker room. That's locker room.
Go ahead.
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: Well, we're going to see what happens. We're going to see what happens.
So now I am going to the really great state -- a state that I love -- of North Carolina. And I'll see you later. Go home and rest.
Q Will you recertify the Iran Deal?
THE PRESIDENT: What?
Q Will you recertify the Iran Deal?
THE PRESIDENT: You're going to see very soon.
END
4:23 P.M. EDTEast Room
12:52 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thank you.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: We love you in Puerto Rico!
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. You should, you should. (Laughter.) Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
And it's great to be with you and Secretary Acosta, Treasurer Carranza, and to every Hispanic American serving in the White House and all across our administration. Thank you very much. (Applause.) It's a great privilege for the First Lady, Melania, and I to be with you all today. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
We want to welcome our ambassadors, members of Congress, local officials, and Hispanic community and faith leaders, and guests from across the White House. You are really special people. You've worked so hard with us. Today’s performers, Julissa. How was she? Was she good? Huh?
AUDIENCE: Yeah!
THE PRESIDENT: I heard she was fantastic. And “Yes” Movement Orchestra, and the work that they've done and the incredible job that they've done. Thank you very much.
We're honored to have you all here to celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month. Right? (Applause.) Please, First Lady. Please, come up. Come up. (Applause.) And, by the way, we just got back from Puerto Rico together, and it was really quite a sight. We're doing a great job there, and they are great, great people. They are great people. They've been through a lot.
PARTICIPANT: So are you!
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. (Applause.)
As we gather for this celebration, our hearts remain heavy and sad for the victims of the horrible mass murder in Las Vegas. On Wednesday, in Nevada, I visited with brave survivors still recovering in the hospital, and with heroic police officers, first responders, and everyday Americans who acted with speed and courage to save countless lives. No evil on this Earth is more powerful than the love and courage of the American people.
All of America is praying for the wounded and the grieving, and we will be with them today and we will be with them forever. (Applause.) And I spent a lot of time going through the hospital with Melania and seeing some incredible people who were so seriously wounded. We will never leave their side.
We're also praying for the people of Puerto Rico. We love Puerto Rico. (Applause.) Puerto Rico.
PARTICIPANT: We love you!
THE PRESIDENT: And we also love Puerto Rico. (Applause.) And we're marshaling every federal resource at our disposal.
Earlier this week, I traveled to Puerto Rico to oversee federal response to the two devastating hurricanes. Remember, it was two. It was one, and then it was another. And that second one was brutal. And they struck that great and beautiful island. And we now have more than 15,000 federal personnel on the island -- 15,000. We will not rest until that job is done.
Puerto Rico has a long road of recovery ahead -- very long road. But we know that its people are proud and they are resilient, and they will come back strong. (Applause.) And I've spent a lot of time with Governor Rosselló -- who is a terrific man, a terrific person -- on Tuesday. And we will be there all the time to help Puerto Rico recover, restore, rebuild. We're working together very closely with your great governor and your congresswoman, who is terrific -- Jessica [Jenniffer]. Terrific. (Applause.)
We stand with them and with all of those who have suffered through natural disasters over these past several weeks, including those in Texas and Florida. And Louisiana got hit, and got hit very hard. And the state of Alabama was incredible. They helped so many people coming up from Florida. And Georgia, likewise -- so many incredible people. And also, we have to remember this: the Virgin Islands, the U.S. Virgin Islands. Governor Mapp, who's become like a friend of mine -- I spoke to him so much on the phone. The job he's done -- they were hit so hard. And not much was left. But they're rebuilding, and the spirit is incredible. U.S. Virgin Islands.
We're also keeping in our hearts and prayers all of those affected by the disastrous earthquake in Mexico. In recent weeks, through extremely difficult times, we've seen Americans coming together from all races and all backgrounds to unite as one people, under God. And I will tell you, we sent crews to Mexico, and the President was very gracious; called me yesterday and thanked me.
We have some really talented people. They went there to help to solve that unbelievable, difficult problem that they have. That earthquake was devastating, and I appreciate the President of Mexico. And they were so kind in their response, but that was a tragic event. And our people did a fantastic job. So I want to thank all of our first responders and the people. Thank you. Thank you. (Applause.) And you have a wonderful President in Mexico, I can tell you.
America is unified, there is no challenge we cannot overcome. When we empower the hopes of our people, especially these young, fantastic people right in front of me who performed so brilliantly -- when we embrace the dignity and beauty of human life, and then you just look out, there is no task too large and no dream beyond your reach. No dream. There's no dream beyond your reach. You know that, right? I'm talking to some very young people up front that you can't see. (Applause.)
No matter who we are, or where we come from, we are all Americans, and we are all bound together by our love for this country, and for its flag, and for each other. Great love. Thank you. Thank you. (Applause.) Thank you very much.
In that same spirit of unity, togetherness, and love, we are truly thrilled to have all of you right here at the White House. The White House, what a special place. Right? You've read about the White House, you've heard -- who was at the White House before? You have some of the congressmen that were. Right? Right? Not too many. It's a very special place. But this is a celebration of Hispanic Heritage Month. Right? (Applause.) That's a big deal. That's a great thing.
From our earliest days, Hispanic Americans have enriched our country and helped shape our history. Their contributions, through the generations, to art and music and literature, to science, scholarship, and exploration, are extraordinary.
The spirit and creativity that shines through Hispanic heritage is woven into the very fabric of our great nation. Our amazing Hispanic American communities embody our great American values of faith, and family, and security, and hard work, and freedom. (Applause.)
Their commitment to those values is why countless citizens of Hispanic descent have served in uniform to defend our country, our citizens, and our flag. Sixty Hispanic Americans have been awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor for their outstanding bravery in battle. Did you know that? Sixty. That's a lot. That's a lot. (Applause.) It's our great, great Medal of Honor.
Did you say we have -- oh, wow. That's so fantastic. Do you mind if I go up and shake hands? I'll interrupt our speech. I want to shake hands with somebody. (Applause.) I heard you were here. I'm glad I got to meet you. I heard you were here. The Medal of Honor. That's the big deal. Right? That's the big deal. Thank you for being here. We appreciate it. (Applause.) Thank you.
Today, we're grateful to have more than a quarter of a million Hispanic Americans serving in our military. We salute all of those who defend our nation and who defend our way of life.
of you here today represents a vital part of the fabric of this nation, and the nation that I love and that you love. You teach our children, you lead our churches, you protect our communities, and you defend our nation. Among you are leaders in government, faith, and business. Fantastic people in this audience. I know some of them, and believe me, they're very tough and they're very smart. Sometimes they're too tough, but that's okay. I have to deal with it. I have to deal with it. Fantastic people.
In fact, today, Hispanic American-owned small businesses are growing at a tremendous rate, especially among our Latinas. (Applause.) Raise your hands. Go ahead. It's tough to compete with, I will tell you -- (laughter) -- who are leading the way and starting new businesses. You're leading the way. You're leading the way. You guys better get going. (Laughter.) And once we pass our historic tax reform plan -- and we are having not only reform, we're having the largest tax cuts in the history of our country. The history of our country. (Applause.) Does anybody in this room mind getting a massive tax cut?
AUDIENCE: No!
THE PRESIDENT: Does anybody object to paying less taxes?
AUDIENCE: No!
THE PRESIDENT: I don't see any hands. Okay. (Laughter.) But Hispanic American businesses and families will prosper like never before. This tax cut and tax reform is going very well, and it's going to be a tremendous boost for our country, including the fact that we're the highest-taxed nation in the world. And we will go from that to being down on the lower wrung of taxes. So we'll be paying far, far less. So that's very important for keeping our businesses and our jobs. (Applause.)
We're working every day to secure a future of peace, prosperity, and sovereignty for every American citizen. And we hope for a future of freedom and prosperity throughout the entire Western Hemisphere.
That's why, under my administration, we have taken decisive action to stand with the good people of Cuba and Venezuela. (Applause.) Great people. Great, great people. As I announced before a wonderful crowd in Little Havana earlier this year, we will not lift sanctions on the Cuban regime until it delivers full political freedom for the Cuban people. (Applause.)
same failed communist ideology that has brought oppression to Cuba has brought nothing but suffering and misery everywhere and every place it has been anywhere in the world. Communism is the past. Freedom is the future. (Applause.)
We also stand with the people of Venezuela, who are suffering under the ruthless socialism of the Maduro regime. We reject socialist oppression, and we call for the restoration of democracy and freedom for the citizens of Venezuela. (Applause.)
Many Hispanic Americans understand very personally why it is so important for us to defend our nation God-given freedom -- we want God-given; it's God-given freedom -- and uphold the rule of law. Our commitment to these values has been the source of America’s prosperity, the foundation of our security. And these values has made us a beacon, an absolute beacon, to the nations of the world.
As we celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month, we're grateful for all of you who have contributed to our communities and for your continued leadership in America.
With your help, we will strengthen our country’s great foundations of faith, and family, and freedom, and we will build together one great American future.
It's a tremendous honor to have you all at the White House. I want to thank you. I want to God bless you. God bless the United States of America. (Applause.) God bless the United States of America.
And with that, I'd like to welcome a very special person who is doing a tremendous job as our Secretary of Labor, Secretary Acosta. Alex, keep it up. Keep it up, Alex. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
1:09 P.M.6:04 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. And thank you all for being here tonight. And welcome back to the White House. In particular, I want to thank Secretary Mattis and General Dunford for their incredible leadership and service. I also want to thank General Kelly and General McMaster for joining us this evening, and for their dedication to this administration. They have been really spectacular and done a great job.
It's wonderful to be with all of you again. As I said during our last meeting, my number-one priority as Commander-in-Chief is to keep our people safe and to empower you, our senior military leaders, to do what you do best. Nobody does it better than the people in this room, believe me.
We have many pressing national security issues facing our country. In addition to devastating national disasters, we have had some big natural disasters, and some of you know exactly because your people have done an incredible job, and I appreciate it.
But, recently, we have had challenges that we really should have taken care of a long time ago, like North Korea, Iran, Afghanistan, ISIS, and the revisionist powers that threaten our interests all around the world. Tremendous progress has been made with respect to ISIS, and I guess the media is going to be finding out about that over the next short period of time.
It falls on the people in this room to defend the American people from these threats. I know we share a belief in putting the safety and the wellbeing of the American people first, and I look forward to hearing from you and your ideas. We'll be going to dinner right after this, and we'll be discussing it further. But I look very much forward to discussing certain things right now, and we have certain very critical areas that we will be discussing.
In North Korea, our goal is denuclearization. We cannot allow this dictatorship to threaten our nation or our allies with unimaginable loss of life. We will do what we must do to prevent that from happening. And it will be done, if necessary -- believe me.
In addition, we must not allow Iran to obtain nuclear weapons. The Iranian regime supports terrorism and exports violence, bloodshed, and chaos across the Middle East. That is why we must put an end to Iran's continued aggression and nuclear ambitions. They have not lived up to the spirit of their agreement. And we will be discussing that tonight.
In Afghanistan, I've lifted restrictions and expanded authorities for commanders in the field. You know that very well, and everyone in this room is very happy that it's been done finally. We've made more progress in our campaign to defeat ISIS in the last eight months than in many, many previous years, all combined.
I put my trust in you to execute our mission aggressively and effectively, and you are delivering. We're ridding our world of terrorism and terrorists as much as it can be done. In all areas, I want to ensure that our armed forces have the funding, the readiness, and the force capacity to be successful. Our budget this year -- as you know, well over $700 billion -- is getting us back to the position we have to be. Almost never have we needed a great, powerful, strong, and brilliant military -- and that's where we are and that's where we're going, and going very rapidly.
Moving forward, I also expect you to provide me with a broad range of military options, when needed, at a much faster pace. I know that government bureaucracy is slow, but I am depending on you to overcome the obstacles of bureaucracy.
Finally, I want to thank each and every one of you for the immense personal sacrifices you and your family make on behalf of our great country. Your patriotism, selflessness, and courage are an inspiration to me and an inspiration to our entire nation.
I look forward to our discussion today, and I look especially forward to being with you and your spouses a little bit later, where we will have dinner but I know we'll still be talking about what we all enjoy talking about. And perhaps our spouses have some better ideas than even we do -- (laughter) -- but I hope not. But I think that could be possible.
So again, thank you all for being here. We appreciate it very much. And thank you all very much.
Q Should bump stocks be banned?
THE PRESIDENT: We'll be looking into that over the next short period of time. We'll be looking into that over the next short period of time.
Q A decision on Iran, sir?
THE PRESIDENT: You'll be hearing about Iran very shortly. Thank you.
END
6:10 P.M. EDTLas Vegas Metropolitan Police Department
12:54 P.M. PDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, Governor. And we really appreciate that. And I will tell you, the people of Nevada and the extraordinary city have shown the world their incredible character, courage, and resolve. Nevada really is a very, very special place.
I'm honored to be here today at the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department in the company of heroes. Thank you to our police, our firefighters, and to our first responders, and of course to Sheriff Lombardo. Incredible job you've done.
Mayor Goodman -- hello, Mayor Goodman. Senator Heller, thank you very much. Senator Cortez Masto. Majority Leader. Where is Kevin -- Majority Leader? Kevin McCarthy. Adam Laxalt. All of the great congressmen that we have with us today from both parties, we just are very honored that you could be with us.
And on behalf of a grateful nation, Melania and I thank each and every one of you in law enforcement. In the depths of horror, we will always find hope in the men and women who risk their lives for ours. The mass murder that took place on Sunday night fills America’s heart with grief. America is truly a nation in mourning.
I visited the hospital earlier today where many victims are still recovering from their wounds, and we ask God to ease their suffering and to speed their healing. We pray for the recovery of the injured and those injured officers who so bravely threw themselves into danger when duty called. And we grieve the loss of the law enforcement personnel who were killed in this vicious attack.
Many families tonight will go to bed in a world that is suddenly empty. The people they so dearly love were torn away from them forever.
Our souls are stricken with grief for every American who lost a husband or a wife, a mother or a father, a son or a daughter. We know that your sorrow feels endless. We stand together to help you carry your pain. You're not alone. We will never leave your side.
Here at the police department, we remember one of our own who died this week, Charles Hartfield. He was a very, very special person. Officer Hartfield was a proud veteran, a devoted husband, a loving father. His death is a tragic loss for this police force, for this city, and for our great nation.
We struggle for the words to explain to our children how such evil can exist, how there can be such cruelty and such suffering. But we cannot be defined by the evil that threatens us, or the violence that incites such terror.
We're defined by our love, our caring, and our courage. In the darkest moments, what shines most brightly is the goodness that thrives in the hearts of our people. That goodness is our lighthouse. And our solace is knowledge that the souls of those who passed are now at peace in Heaven.
Here on Earth, we are blessed to be surrounded by heroes. As one eyewitness recounted this week: “While everyone else was crouching, police officers were standing up as targets, just trying to direct people and tell them where to go.” The officers were standing up in the line of fire to help those in danger and to find out where those horrible shots were coming from.
Words cannot describe the bravery that the whole world witnessed on Sunday night. Americans defied death and hatred with love and with courage. When the word -- and the worst of humanity strikes -- and strike it did -- the best of humanity responds.
Parents and spouses used their own bodies as shields to protect their loved ones. Americans dashed into a hail of bullets to rescue total strangers.
Joining us today are many of the heroes who were here during that horrible moment, that horrible night, including Las Vegas Metropolitan Police officers Tyler Peterson and Tana Gurule, and civilian Aaron Stalker.
Officer Peterson was on his second day on the job when the shooting began. I just visited with him in the hospital. Within minutes, he joined a group of officers rushing between flying bullets to clear the fairground and save lives.
Officer Gurule was off-duty attending the concert. Although she was unarmed, as soon as the shooting began, she threw on a yellow police vest and began evacuating victims.
And Aaron Stalker, a veteran, rushed to the scene to search for his loved ones, but when he couldn’t find them, he began helping every person he could. As he recounts: "We used the plastic barriers as gurneys to carry the injured to transportation. I made splints out of whatever I could find and used anything to stop the horrible bleeding."
Among the wounded was the mother of Aaron’s girlfriend. She is still in the hospital, and we are all pulling for her.
To every hero we [who] helped -- every hero saved so many lives. And believe me, a grateful nation thanks you. The example of those whose final act was to sacrifice themselves for those they loved should inspire all of us to show more love every day for the people who grace our lives.
In the months ahead, we will all have to wrestle with the horror of what has unfolded this week, but we will struggle through it together. We will endure the pain together. And we will overcome together as Americans.
May God bless and watch over those who protect us. May God bring healing to the families of the wounded, the injured, and the fallen. And may God bless our great country, America. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, Governor. Thank you very much.
END
1:02 P.M. PDTLas Vegas Police Department Command Center
Las Vegas, Nevada
12:10 P.M. PDT
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I want to congratulate you on a job well done -- the professionalism. I just left the hospital, and I have to tell you the doctors, the nurses, everybody over there was incredible, and at numerous hospitals.
PARTICIPANT: Thank you for doing that.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, they were really –- I met a lot of the patients. And you saved them, and the doctors, nurses, all of the people at the hospital. Cab drivers were great. Cab drivers were asking people -- telling people, get out of the car. And they were grabbing -- one instance where a young woman said the cab driver just threw people out of the car and said, look -- hopped in and took them to the hospital. There’s really a lot of stories that are great heroism. Tremendous number of stories.
But what the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police did is -- but I've always known you were good, right? You know that. I've always known you guys were good, but you really proved it.
And he's a sick, demented man. Have they been able to find out anything else? It's a little bit soon?
PARTICIPANT: Still a little bit soon. We have a couple of good leads and we're working our way through that. We're going to get the answers.
THE PRESIDENT: Yeah, no, there might be something there. But the wires are screwed up, but there might be something there.
Well, again, I'm going to say a few words to your group, but I just wanted to come in and say hello and congratulate you. I was a fan before this -- you know that. Everyone in this room knows that. A big fan before this. And I guess, if you could be more of a fan, I guess I'm even more of a fan now. But you showed the world, and the world is watching. And you showed what professionalism is all about, because that was about as fast -- something like that could take place for hours and hours and hours, and you can't figure it out. And you should be very proud, Sheriff.
SHERIFF LOMBARDO: Just a matter of identification -- Officer Hancock there at the end, to your right there, he was the first SWAT officer to engage the individual. And Officer Bitsko there, the K-9 officer that assisted with that initial (inaudible). And Officer Morris (ph) and Officer Burt (ph) there were the two officers I described that were partnered with the security guard.
THE PRESIDENT: He did a good job, didn’t he? He did a good job. Now, his option would have been try to do it himself. But if it doesn’t work, you wouldn’t have had the information, maybe, right? He did the right thing.
PARTICIPANT: He did. We relied on him for the information.
THE PRESIDENT: That's great. That's really great.
SHERIFF LOMBARDO: So everyone else, seated behind the press there, were integral in saving numerous lives. The gentleman right to your left, that firefighter right there was off-duty watching the concert, and remained to save several lives.
So I think it's important for you to know that every single person in here was instrumental in lifesaving measures. And these two young ladies here were our dispatchers, so they're probably the most important people in the room --
THE PRESIDENT: Calm and strong and sharp.
PARTICIPANT: If you ever have the opportunity to listen to the radio traffic, these two young ladies were amazing. The third young lady decided to go to Cabo.
PARTICIPANT: She needed a break -- (laughter) -- and a margarita.
END
12:13 P.M. PDT11:53 A.M. PDT
THE PRESIDENT: Hey, everybody. I just got done and I just met some of the most amazing people. We met patients that were absolutely terribly wounded. And the doctors, the nurses, all of the people at the hospital have done a job that's indescribable. And they were full the night that it happened, before it happened, and they found room for many people. How many people came in, Doctor?
DR. FILDES: We had 100 come in and we admitted 50.
THE PRESIDENT: What I saw today is just an incredible tribute to professionalism, and what they have done is incredible. And you never want to see it again, that I can tell you. And the patients, the bravery -- some were very, very badly wounded, and they were badly wounded because they refused to leave. They wanted to help others because they saw people going down all over.
And it's an incredible thing to see. There's tremendous bravery. The police department, incredible. The people themselves, incredible. People leaving ambulances to have somebody else go because they thought they were hurt even more so. The professionalism of the doctors and the medical staffs at this hospital and at other hospitals -- you were saying how the coordination that you had with other hospitals --
DR. FILDES: The community covered everything. They did a perfect job.
THE PRESIDENT: John, say a few words to the press.
DR. FILDES: We couldn’t be more proud of the community response. Every hospital took serious patients. Everybody took care of them well. And we've exercised our disaster plan in Las Vegas, and it was rolled out flawlessly.
THE PRESIDENT: I have to tell you, it makes you very proud to be an American when you see the job that they’ve done. And people that would not be around today are up there and they'll be leaving the hospital in a week or two weeks, or five weeks, and in some cases, even in a few days.
MR. FILDES: In a few hours.
THE PRESIDENT: It's amazing. One in a few hours. And you would never have believed that.
So I just want to congratulate everybody. It's incredible. Incredible what you've done. We met quite a few people. And, believe me, they are very lucky to be here.
Q What message do you have for them, Mr. President?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I think the only message I can say is that we're with you 100 percent. We are -- in fact, I invited a lot of them over to the White House. I said, if you're ever in Washington, come on over to the Oval Office. (Laughter.) And they're all saying, "We want to do it. How do we do it?" And believe me, I'll be there for them.
But the message that I have is: We have a great country and we are there for you. And they're there for us.
Q Mr. President, do you think (inaudible) a gun violence problem?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, we're not going to talk about that today. We won't talk about that.
Q Any indication of a motive, sir?
THE PRESIDENT: Not yet, and we're looking. I can tell you, it's a very sick man. He was a very demented person. We haven't seen that yet, but you will know very soon if we find something. We're looking very, very hard.
I'm actually going over to the police department, who likewise, Doctor, been incredible.
DR. FILDES: Unbelievable.
THE PRESIDENT: The fact that they were able to locate that zone and get in there -- they say 11 minutes -- whatever it was, it kept him busy and he stopped firing because he knew they were coming into that door at some point. And I think they did an incredible job.
The professionalism has just been amazing. So I want to thank you all. And we're now going over to the police headquarters.
And, doctors, thank you very much. We appreciate it. Fantastic. Thank you.
Q Mr. President, any response to Rex Tillerson's comments --
THE PRESIDENT: Yeah. I'm very honored by his comments. It was fake news. It was a totally phony story.
Thank you very much. It was made up. It was made up by NBC. They just made it up.
Thank you all. Thank you.
Q Do you have confidence in him?
THE PRESIDENT: Total confidence in Rex. I have total confidence.
Thank you very much, everybody.
END
11:57 A.M. PDTREMARKS BY PRESIDENT TRUMP
AT A BRIEFING WITH SENIOR MILITARY PERSONNEL
Ward Room
USS Kearsarge
2:54 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, thank you very much. I wanted to begin by saying we’ll be leaving tomorrow morning very early from the White House. We’ll be going to Las Vegas. We will be paying our personal respects and condolences to everybody.
What happened is such a tragedy. So unnecessary -- who can believe what happened in Las Vegas. Great love for the people, great love for the people of our country, and I look forward to going tomorrow. The First Lady will be coming with me, and we’re going to be paying our respects and condolences. We’ll be leaving early in the morning.
We are here on this great ship today, and I want to thank the admiral; I want to thank the captain very much. Thank you very much. This is some ship. Most people would never know a ship like this exists. This is for helicopters of all sizes and types, and it’s quite something. And it’s done a tremendous service for Puerto Rico and for the U.S. Virgin Islands.
And we’re really -- we were so nicely treated by the U.S. Virgin Islands, frankly, over the years. They’re great people, and we’re helping out.
And we have with us Governor Kenneth Mapp, who has been very generous with what he said about Brock, about everybody at FEMA, the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, the Marines, the Coast Guard, the whole thing. And Kenneth, we very much appreciate your remarks, and I appreciate it very much.
And we’re really here right now for you. We have -- because of the size, the massive size of the airplane, the runways can’t handle it. But the runways have now handled it. They’ve been open, and they’re handling a lot of aircraft and a lot of help.
And your people have been very resilient, and they have done a great job. They’re already starting the rebuilding process. And you got hit twice. You were hit very hard.
GOVERNOR MAPP: In 12 days.
THE PRESIDENT: In 12 days, you got hit twice. And Puerto Rico got hit twice. They had a grazing one that actually the United States took a lot of brunt from, and then they got hit by Maria, and that was dead center.
So Kenneth, thank you very much. I very appreciate it. Would you like to say something?
GOVERNOR MAPP: Yes, I would, Mr. President. I want to, on behalf of the people of the Virgin Islands, first, thank you and your entire federal family and federal team of FEMA, of DOD, for all the help that you’ve been providing to the people of the Virgin Islands. The people of the Virgin Islands asked me to extend the gratitude and appreciation to you. It has hastened our rebuilding.
We want to let our folks and our friends and brothers and sisters in Puerto Rico know that we stand with them. We extend our condolences to the folks in Las Vegas for the tragedy that occurred. But because of your commitment, Mr. President, and the work and the calls that you have made with us and with me, from Irma to now, we’re now talking about opening schools and cruise ships returning.
We’ve got a lot of work yet to do. We’ve still got roofless homes, and we’re working with Brock and FEMA to make sure that we take care of those issues. But we have advanced beyond where we were in any of the hurricanes that we’ve experienced. And I just want to really express my gratitude on behalf of the wonderful people of the Virgin Islands to you and your team.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. They are wonderful people too, and I really appreciate that. I feel that we’re old friends, you know, because we’ve spoken so many times over the last month. And you are -- you have done a terrific job.
GOVERNOR MAPP: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: And as you know, your friend, the governor of Puerto Rico happens to be here --
GOVERNOR MAPP: Yes.
THE PRESIDENT: -- and a congresswoman representing 3.5 million people in Puerto Rico. And thank you, Jenniffer.
GOVERNOR MAPP: And anything -- anything at all that we can do to be of help to our friends and our sisters and brothers.
And you know, we celebrate a holiday -- a legal holiday -- in the U.S. Virgin Islands called Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands Friendship Day. It’s in October. So we look forward to having our celebration this year, and have you come over, and meet your friends, and all of the folks that love you in the Virgin Islands.
GOVERNOR ROSSELLÓ: And we’re here for you as well, Governor.
GOVERNOR MAPP: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: That’s very appropriate now, though, maybe more so than ever, really. Thank you very much. And Governor, thank you very much.
GOVERNOR MAPP: Thank you, Mr. President.
END
2:58 P.M. EDT12:02 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much. It was a great trip and a beautiful place. I've been to Puerto Rico many times as, I think, most of you have known. And I've always loved it. And your weather is second to none, but every once in a while you get hit. And you really got hit -- there's no question about it.
I want to thank, in particular, some of the folks that come here where really great danger was involved, right at the beginning. I have to start with Brock. Where's Brock? Brock -- Brock Long has been through a lot. We gave him an A-plus in Texas. We thought he could rest for a couple of days, but before he got any rest, he had Florida, right? And you had Louisiana, and you had other places. And, by the way, Louisiana -- we don’t say it often -- but Louisiana got hit very hard also, and they’ve been fantastic. But then he came to Florida, and that we gave him another A-plus.
And then, all of a sudden, we said there's another one heading out to Puerto Rico and to the U.S. Virgin Islands. But it wasn’t one -- it was two. And I was going to be here a week ago, if you remember, and that was the day of the hurricane -- that was the day of the second hurricane.
So Brock has been unbelievable. And this has been the toughest one. This has been a Category 5, which few people have ever even heard of -- a Category 5 hitting land. But it hit land -- and, boy, did it hit land.
So I want to thank you. I want to thank Elaine. Elaine, thank you very much. Fantastic -- Acting Secretary. Elaine Duke has been incredible. Tom Bossert is here someplace. Tom, great job. Great job.
And to all of my people -- and I have to say, General Buchanan got here a few days ago, and there's no doubt about it you are a general. There's a reason you're a general, right? But he's no games. I said, give me a general; I don’t want to have any -- I don’t want to have a general that plays games. And you've done a fantastic job. The whole team has been amazing.
Your governor has been -- who I didn’t know; I heard very good things about him. He's not even from my party, and he started right at the beginning appreciating what we did. And he was tremendously supportive, and he knew the level of problem that you had at the beginning, before, and the level -- what happened with respect to the tremendous storms that hit your beautiful island.
And, Governor, I just want to tell you that, right from the beginning, this governor did not play politics. He didn’t play it at all. He was saying it like it was, and he was giving us the highest grades. And I want to -- on behalf of our country, I want to thank you. (Applause.)
I also want to thank your congresswoman, who actually represents the largest number of people of any congressperson in the United States. I know that. It's 3.5 million people, Jenniffer, right? So Congresswoman Jenniffer González-Colón, who I've watched the other day and she was saying such nice things about all of the people that have worked so hard.
Jenniffer, do you think you could say a little bit what you said about us today? And it's not about me, it's about these incredible people, from the military to FEMA, to first responders. I mean, I've never seen people working so hard in my life. Perhaps you could say, Congresswoman?
REPRESENTATIVE GONZÁLEZ-COLÓN: Thank you, Mr. President. The first thing is that, before we were hit by Maria, we were hit by Hurricane Irma. And during that time, before the hurricane, here was FEMA acting together with a lot of employees. More than 4,000 people were here in the island from the different branches of the military -- HHS, Navy, Army, FEMA -- and all the staff working together before the hurricane hit. They were here before, during, after the first hurricane, and they continued to stay on the island, boots on the ground. During Maria -- same thing.
I think we never got the level of communication between the federal government and the government like never before. And we are in the path of the hurricane, so we are used to receiving hurricanes, but never before a Category 5. The amount of devastation is unheard of. But during all this time, we got the federal government by our side, doing the job of the people here, like you in the military, doing all that has been asked. All the questions and requests that the governor did, the President and his Cabinet accomplished it and send more people, and has continued to send in more people -- trucks, drivers, and resources.
Thank you, Mr. President, for all you've been doing for the island.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I want to thank you because you were really generous. And I saw those comments, and everybody saw those comments, and we really appreciate it.
And, you know, it's so important, when you have men and women that have worked so hard and so long, and many of them came from two other catastrophic hurricanes. They came from Texas, they came from Louisiana, they came from Florida, and there was no -- how many nights' rest have you gotten? Zero in the last month, right?
PARTICIPANT: This is day 43.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, we're going to keep them for another couple of weeks. And by that time, I think -- well -- come here. Special guy, I will tell you -- special. Really good. (Applause.)
I also -- in addition to Tom, I also want to thank Linda McMahon, Small Business. I always joke -- I said, she's in charge of small business, but small business is massive business when you add it all up. And she has done an incredible job -- built a great company with her husband, Vince McMahon. And I wanted her so badly for this position because there's nobody that knows how to build a company like those and, let me tell you, like this woman. She has been amazing in business, and now she's doing an incredible job as the Administrator. We want to thank you, Linda, very much. (Applause.)
And Mick Mulvaney is here -- right there -- and Mick is in charge of a thing called "budget." Now, I hate to tell you, Puerto Rico, but you've thrown our budget a little out of whack because we've spent a lot of money on Puerto Rico, and that's fine. We've saved a lot of lives.
If you look at the -- every death is a horror. But if you look at a real catastrophe like Katrina, and you look at the tremendous hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of people that died, and you look at what happened here with, really, a storm that was just totally overpowering -- nobody has ever seen anything like this. What is your death count, as of this moment -- 17?
PARTICIPANT: Sixteen certified.
THE PRESIDENT: Sixteen people certified. Sixteen people versus in the thousands. You can be very proud of all of your people, all of our people working together. Sixteen versus literally thousands of people. You can be very proud. Everybody around this table and everybody watching can really be very proud of what's taken place in Puerto Rico.
I also want to pay a very special thanks to the Navy. Who's here from the Navy? Who do we have, General? Who do we have? What a job. So you have ships all over the place? I saw them flying in. I said, boy, this looks like very big stuff. And the job you've done getting things here. There are no docks. There have been -- we're just in the process of opening them up. They were just devastated. But there are no docks, no nothing. And the way you got this stuff on shore is incredible.
So I want to thank the Navy. Would you like to say something on behalf of the Navy? (Applause.)
NAVY REPRESENTATIVE: Sir, your Navy and Marine Corps team was here to respond and (inaudible) immediately deployed -- four Navy ships, get here, and handle anything that happened in Irma, and then immediately repositioned and was able to respond to Puerto Rico right after Maria.
So the Navy and Marine Corps team (inaudible) and saved lives and coordinated with FEMA, with the governor of Puerto Rico, and to demonstrate our ability to come from the sea, air, and land. Thank you very much.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. And thank you very much. And I don't have to even mention the Marines because we have General Kelly. Where’s General Kelly? Where is our General Kelly? He likes to keep a low profile. Look at him sitting in the back, but, boy, is he watching. You have no idea how he’s -- General Kelly, come up here. So General Kelly is a four-star. Not a bad general, right? You don't get any better than General Kelly.
But on behalf of the Marines, I’ll tell you, they've done some job, General.
Now, can we also mention Army? And can we also mention some people that I really got to know and respect even more in Texas, and that's the Coast Guard?
What a job the Coast Guard has done throughout this whole -- throughout this whole ordeal. (Applause.) They would go right into the middle of that -- I mean, I don't know, I wouldn’t want to be doing it, but I want to thank everybody. I want to thank the Coast Guard. They are special, special, very brave people.
And a lot of people got to see the real Coast Guard during this incredible trouble, and especially I think here and in Texas was incredible what they did. So thank you all very much. Thank you very much. We appreciate it. Really appreciate it.
Would you like to say something on behalf of your men and women?
AIR FORCE REPRESENTATIVE: Sir, I’m representing the Air Force.
THE PRESIDENT: No, I know that.
AIR FORCE REPRESENTATIVE: It’s been a tremendous team effort partnering with FEMA and NORTHCOM, providing support now (inaudible) also to U.S. Virgin Islands and to Puerto Rico, specifically trying to open up the airfields so that we can get -- as an island -- get the majority of the supplies and (inaudible) with the people and personnel setting up across the island, set up logistics networks so we could really get to people that are the most hurt and devastated by the catastrophe.
THE PRESIDENT: And the runways now are pretty open?
AIR FORCE REPRESENTATIVE: Yes, sir. We have four major runways that are fully open and operational; flown about 700-plus strategic airlift sorties to and from OCONUS, (inaudible) Puerto Rico to provide life-sustaining support.
THE PRESIDENT: Amazing job. Amazing job. So amazing that we're ordering hundreds of millions of dollars’ worth of new airplanes for the Air Force, especially the F-35. Do you like the F-35?
AIR FORCE REPRESENTATIVE: (Inaudible) game-changing technology, awesome airplane.
THE PRESIDENT: I said, how does it do it in fights? And how do they do in fights with the F-35? They said, we do very well. You can't see it. Literally you can't see it. So it’s hard to fight a plane that you can't see, right?
AIR FORCE REPRESENTATIVE: Sir, we like that.
THE PRESIDENT: But that's an expensive plane that you can't see. And as you probably heard, we cut the price very substantially -- something that other administrations would never have done, that I can tell you. So thank you very much.
Where is the Coast Guard? Who can speak on behalf of the Coast Guard? Who can speak? Where is our Coast Guard representative?
PARTICIPANT: Coast Guard officer right here.
THE PRESIDENT: Come here, get over here. Come here, come here. On behalf of the Coast Guard, just say a few words. Your people have been amazing. Go ahead.
MR. FUENTES: I don't think there’s anything that the men and women of the Coast Guard would rather do than help the people of Puerto Rico, our fellow American citizens. For us, this is what we get to do on a daily basis. And getting to help our fellow citizens is just what our duty is all about. So it’s our pleasure to be here, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, in Texas, it came in, it did devastation, then went right out into the coast, then it came in and out. It came in three times. It would load up with water and come in. Nobody has ever seen water like that.
And the Coast Guard would follow it. It goes in, and they’d be right behind it, and then they’d move. They saved 16,000 lives in Texas.
MR. FUENTES: Yes, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: Hard to believe -- between the helicopters and all of them. But the Coast Guard itself saved in Texas 16,000 lives, and they went right through that hurricane. And there aren’t too many people who would have done it, believe me. Would you thank everybody for me?
MR. FUENTES: Yes, sir. Thank you.
PARTICIPANT: Mr. President, we also have our Customs and Border Protection sitting up over here.
THE PRESIDENT: Say a few words. Please, say a few words. Customs and Border Protection, say a few words, please. Don't be shy.
What I would like to do -- you want to stand up? Go ahead. That's okay. Stand up. Go ahead.
PARTICIPANT: (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: Okay. You did a great job. I just want to also add Rick Perry is here someplace. Rick -- governor of Texas for many years, 14 years -- did a great job, head of Energy. And Scott Pruitt from Environmental is here and doing an amazing -- really an amazing job. We appreciate it, fellas. Thank you very much.
Governor, would you say a few words?
GOVERNOR ROSSELLÓ: Of course. Well, first of all, Mr. President, thank you for being here. Your presence over here with Cabinet members support the notion that we've been talking about: that this is a united effort. This is a united effort. We need to work together in order to overcome the many challenges that we have here in Puerto Rico.
I want to personally thank you, Mr. President, because over the course of the past week you have called essentially every day to make sure we have what we need, to make sure that the resources are over here.
And I want to let the people of Puerto Rico and the people on the United States know that you have always responded to us. And although this is big challenge, we are convinced that working together with our local government, FEMA, the Administrator, the DOD, and all the assets we have here, it is a challenging time, we need to do more, but we will be able to build Puerto Rico stronger than ever before. That is our commitment.
I just wanted to let you know that right now our forces are working so that they can deliver food and water to the people of Puerto Rico, so that diesel and fuel can get to the hospitals.
Now, it is a challenging time. It is a situation without precedent. But with strong leadership, with your continued support, Mr. President, with the continued support of everybody around this table, the mayors that have played a critical role in this development, our legislature that has been helpful, and all of the assets in government -- I can tell you, Mr. President, that we will not only come out of this, we will stabilize Puerto Rico and we will build it stronger than ever.
Thank you so much.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Governor. (Applause.)
GOVERNOR ROSSELLÓ: Thank you. God bless.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you, everybody. And we're going to make some tours now if anybody has any questions or statements or anything. I know we have a lot of powerful people -- a lot of your heads of your Senate, the heads of your everything. And it's an honor to work with you folks. And we'll all get it done together.
So I appreciate your support and I know you appreciate our support, because our country has really gone all out to help. And it's not only dangerous, it's expensive, it's everything. But I consider it a great honor, maybe because I know so many people from Puerto Rico that are such great people -- I come from New York. But we've gone all out and I consider that, again, a great honor.
Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. Okay. Thank you all. Let's go make a -- let's go see what we have. Let's go.
END
12:19 P.M. EDT12:33 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. It's a great honor to have Prime Minister Prayut of Thailand and Mrs. Prayut. This is a very great honor for us.
We've had a long and very storied history with Thailand. In fact, we were just mentioning that Andrew Jackson, who is on the wall, was the president when we first developed the big relationship.
So we have a very strong relationship right now, as of this moment, and it's getting stronger in the last nine months. We've done a lot of things together, and it is a tremendous -- it's really very good to have you with us.
This has been a rough day for us because of what took place in Las Vegas, but this was a long-scheduled meeting and it is a great honor. Thank you very much.
PRIME MINISTER CHAN-O-CHA: (As interpreted.) As the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Thailand and on behalf of the people of Thailand, I am very delighted and it is a great honor for me to be here to meet Mr. President and, of course, the First Lady.
Mr. President has mentioned about the relationship between our two countries. We are longstanding allies. Of course, Thailand would like to take this opportunity to express my condolences to those victims and family of the shooting incident in Las Vegas last night. And I wish to express our solidarity with the American people.
Moreover, I would also like to express my condolences to those victims and their family in the U.S. and in Puerto Rico who are affected by hurricane. The government of Thailand and our private sector have also pledged for financial assistance.
We wish all the best for all success to Mr. President to tackle all these problems.
Coming to meet Mr. President today is a good opportunity for me and for the Thai government and the people of Thailand to work closely to further strengthen the cooperation between our two countries.
We work, of course, in hand on our security defense cooperation to help ensure that our citizens are safeguarded from terrorism and other threats. Of course, we will work closely in order we solve the regional issue of concern, of course.
I am confident that, with President's leadership, we will be able to tackle all the problems and work together in order to further strengthen the cooperation between our two countries, which we already mentioned that we have a long history of relationship -- 200 years.
I also would like to commend the First Lady on playing such a vital role in looking after those who have less opportunity. Of course, your daughter also worked very closely in order to tackle the problem. I know that she developed the interest to solve the issues of women and children. So therefore, Thailand stands ready to work closely with the First Lady and with Mr. President of course.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I do want to say that our relationship on trade -- and we've been negotiating very long and hard, and we're meeting with our representatives in a little while to go further. But our relationship on trade is becoming more and more important. And it's a great country to trade with; they make product and different things that are really very important to us, and we likewise sell to you.
I think we're going to try and sell a little bit more to you now, make that a little bit better if that's possible. But we have a big, full period of time scheduled with our two staffs.
Tomorrow morning, early, I'll be leaving for Puerto Rico with the First Lady. We are going to be seeing all of the first responders, the military, FEMA, and, frankly, most importantly, we're going to be seeing the people of Puerto Rico.
We've been very -- I mean, I think we've been -- it's been amazing what's been done in a very short period of time on Puerto Rico. There's never been a piece of land that we've known that was so devastated. The bridges are down, the telecommunications was nonexistent, and it's in very, very bad shape. The electrical grid, as you know, was totally destroyed.
But we've gotten tremendous amounts of food and water, and lots of other things -- supplies -- generally speaking, on the island. So we're going to be going tomorrow morning, first thing, very early.
We're also going to be meeting with Governor Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands. He's going to probably -- because of the difficulty in getting in to the Virgin Islands, he's probably going to meet us in Puerto Rico.
And then, very importantly also, on Wednesday morning, very early, we're going to be leaving for Las Vegas, where we're going to be seeing the governor, who I just spoke to; the mayor -- governor of the state -- the mayor of Las Vegas, who I just spoke to; the sheriff, who has done such a great job; the police department has done such a fantastic job, in terms of the speed, and we all very much appreciate it.
So we'll be going to Puerto Rico tomorrow. And on Wednesday, we will be going to, as you know, as I just said, we'll be going to Las Vegas on a very, very sad -- it's a very sad moment for me, for everybody. For everybody, no matter where you are, no matter what your thought process, this is a very, very sad day.
So we're going to be doing that on Wednesday. And we'll be spending the full day there, and maybe longer than that.
So thank you very much everybody. Appreciate it. Thank you.
END
12:40 P.M. EDTWashington, D.C.
11:41 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. (Applause.) Thank you very much. Taking up a lot of television time, but that's okay. (Laughter.) Thank you all very much. It's great to be here with the National Association of Manufacturers. And I especially want to thank your president, Jay Timmons, and your chairman, David Farr, along with all of the members of Congress that are here today. And they're working hard, I will tell you that.
I'd like to begin by sending our thoughts and prayers to the people of Puerto Rico who have been struck by storms of historic and catastrophic severity. People have never seen anything like this. We've undertaken a massive federal mobilization to assist Puerto Rico, including the presence of over 10,000 federal personnel, including 5,000 U.S. military and National Guard personnel, led by a very, very strong and talented three-star general.
All appropriate departments of our government, from Homeland Security to Defense, are engaged fully in the disaster and the response and recovery effort -- probably has never been seen for something like this. This is an island surrounded by water -- big water, ocean water.
We're closely coordinated with the territorial and local governments, which are totally and, unfortunately, unable to handle this catastrophic crisis on their own. Just totally unable to. The police and truck drivers are very substantially gone. They're taking care of their families and largely unable to get involved, largely unable to help. Therefore, we're forced to bring in truck drivers, security, and many, many other personnel, by the thousands. And we're bringing them onto the island as we speak. We've never seen a situation like this.
The electrical grid and other infrastructure were already in very, very poor shape. They were at their life's end prior to the hurricanes. And now, virtually everything has been wiped out, and we will have to really start all over again. We're literally starting from scratch.
Ultimately, the government of Puerto Rico will have to work with us to determine how this massive rebuilding effort -- it will end up being one of the biggest ever -- will be funded and organized, and what we will do with the tremendous amount of existing debt already on the island.
We will not rest, however, until the people of Puerto Rico are safe. These are great people. We want them to be safe, and sound, and secure, and we will be there every day until that happens.
Likewise, we're working closely with the Virgin Islands on the disaster recovery, and that effort is going very, very well. Both governors, I have to tell you, of Puerto Rico and of the Virgin Islands have been extremely good. They are working so hard. But there's nothing left. It's been wiped out. The houses are largely flattened. The roads are washed away. There is no electricity; the plants are gone. They're gone. It's not like, let's send a crew in to fix them. You have to build brand-new electric. Sewage systems wiped out. Never been anything like this.
there remains a lot of work to do, and we will work with the folks that we're working with right now. They're trying very, very hard -- I will tell you that. But nobody has ever seen anything like it.
We're here today at the National Association of Manufacturers to discuss our vision for America’s economic revival and to celebrate the people whose vision and products stock our shelves, fill our homes, and enrich our lives.
I want to express my special gratitude to the incredible workers on stage. Congratulations. (Applause.) They are the ones -- and millions out there -- now, they're not as good as you, but they're very good. (Laughter.) But the millions out there whose dedication and drive makes this country run.
It's a great honor to be here with the men and women whose creations power our communities and protect our nation. We are all here today for the same reason -- because we believe in that beautiful, beautiful phrase that hasn’t been used so much over the last three decades: Made in the USA. (Applause.) It's a phrase that fills our hearts with pride, and they embody the skill, grit, and drive of the American worker.
The single best tribute to our workers can be found in the unmatched quality and craftsmanship of the amazing products they bring from the blueprint to the storefront. "Made in the USA" is a global symbol of unrivaled excellence.
My administration is working every day to lift the burdens on our companies and on our workers so that you can thrive, compete, and grow. And at the very center of that plan is a giant, beautiful, massive -- the biggest ever in our country -- tax cut. (Applause.)
For decades, the policy of Washington D.C. on the subject of manufacturing was a policy best summarized in one word: surrender. They surrendered. Under my administration, the era of economic surrender is over, and the rebirth of American industry is beginning. America is winning again, and America is being respected again. And you see that happening all over. You see the five plants that were announced just recently -- auto plants. So many people are coming back into this country. They want to be back in. Other countries are bringing their companies and sending their companies in. They all want to be back, and that's great for our workers.
On every front, in every way, on every policy, we are guided by the same economic goal: to keep jobs in America, to bring jobs to America, to create real prosperity for America, the country that we love.
That is why we have lifted the restrictions on American energy, ending the war on coal, approving the Keystone XL and the Dakota Access pipelines. And I'll tell you something: I did that immediately -- first couple of days; 48,000 jobs and everybody is happy -- and reversing the EPA intrusion into your business and into your lives. Instead, we are returning the EPA to its core mission: clean air and crystal clean water. That's what we want. We want clean air. We want clean water.
We're fighting to create fair and reciprocal trade for American companies -- and the word "reciprocal" is so important -- lifting barriers to our exports; cracking down on countries that cheat, of which there are many; and ensuring a level playing field for our great American workers and our great American companies. Because when our workers have a level playing field, no one -- absolutely no one -- can beat us. Right? Right? (Applause.)
We've also taken historic action to protect our manufacturing and defense industrial base. My administration has ordered a first-ever complete review of the manufacturing technology and supply chains we need to protect our country. We cannot have national security without economic security.
To further unleash American enterprise, we have taken unprecedented steps to remove job-killing regulations that sap the energy, creativity, and dynamism from our country. We are cutting regulations at a pace that has never even been thought of before -- not even thought of. This is a groundbreaking campaign and involves every department and agency across our government.
We are requiring every federal manager to systemically review, and then remove, the regulations that destroy your jobs, hamstring your companies, and undermine your ability to compete. And we need some regulations, but we don't need 35 regulations to take care of one item. We don't need to go through nine different agencies to get something taken off. We want beautiful, fast, efficient regulation that works. (Applause.) Thank you.
Already, we are seeing the results of an economic policy that puts America first. Unemployment is at a 16-year low. Wages are rising. The stock market is soaring to record levels. The S&P hit a record high just this morning, as I was coming over. GDP growth hit over 3 percent last quarter -- was just adjusted yesterday, and is now at 3.1 percent -- a number that hasn't been seen in a very, very long time, and a number that's way ahead of schedule. (Applause.)
And I believe we're doing better this month, but unfortunately having the hurricanes hitting Texas, and Florida, and Louisiana and, obviously, other locations -- and especially where we are right now, with the kind of money we're spending on Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands, it's going to be a little bit of a hit. But we're doing extremely well, even this quarter, despite the hurricanes.
Manufacturing confidence is at an all-time high. America is finally back on the right track. But our country and our economy cannot take off like they should unless we transform America’s outdated, complex, and extremely burdensome tax code. It is a burden on our country. (Applause.)
We have a once-in-a-generation opportunity to pass tax reform that is pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-worker, pro-family, and pro-American.
Our current tax code punishes companies for doing business in the United States, and encourages them to leave. And that's what's happened for so many years. And that's one of the reasons, probably the prime reason, that companies are leaving our country and firing all those people. They're not bringing the jobs with them; they're giving other countries those jobs, firing all of those great people. That's stopping. It's already started to stop about nine months ago. But that's stopping, and it's stopping right now.
We need a tax system that encourages companies to stay in America, grow in America, and hire in America. (Applause.) For several months, my administration has been working closely with Congress to develop a framework for tax reform that will deliver exactly that: more jobs, higher pay, and lower taxes for middle-income families and for American businesses of all sizes. And these are businesses that create jobs.
We unveiled an incredible framework on Wednesday in Indiana -- a great state -- and I’d like to share with you four core principles of our plan:
First, we will cut taxes for everyday, hardworking Americans, and we're going to cut them substantially. Under this framework, the first $12,000 for a single individual and the first $24,000 for a married couple will be absolutely tax free -- no tax. We are nearly doubling the amount of income that is taxed at a rate of zero. Above that amount, income will be taxed at three rates -- 12 percent, 25 percent, and 35 percent.
We will also substantially increase the child tax credit to save working families even more money, because we know the most important investment our country can make is in our children.
Our framework also provides relief to those who care for an older loved one through a $500 tax credit -- something that everybody has been wanting so badly for so long.
By eliminating the tax breaks and special interest loopholes that primarily benefit the wealthy, our framework ensures that the benefits of tax reform go to the middle class, not the highest earners.
That's why we have also have given Congress the flexibility to add an additional top rate on the very highest income earners to provide even more tax relief for everyday working people.
Second, our framework will make the tax code more simple, fair, and easy to understand. American families and businesses waste billions and billions of dollars, and tens of billions of dollars on excruciating paperwork and compliance every single year -- and it never ends. Under our framework, the vast majority of families will be able to file their taxes on a single sheet of paper.
We're also repealing the unfair and complicated alternative minimum tax, or AMT. The AMT requires many people to calculate their taxes two different ways and pay the higher of the two amounts. We're closing loopholes, reducing burdens, and replacing confusion with total clarity.
As part of this simplification, we're also going to protect millions of family businesses by ending the crushing, horrible, and unfair estate tax, also known as the death tax. (Applause.) That means for those of you with small and family-owned businesses, your family won’t have to sell the business in a fire sale just to pay a very, very high and unfair tax. Your families can continue to run your businesses with love and dedication and remembrance of you.
We will protect our manufacturers and our workers, and we will make taxes simple, easy, and fair for all Americans. And it's about time. (Applause.)
We will cut taxes on American businesses to restore our competitive edge and create more jobs and higher wages for the American worker.
The last major tax reform was passed more than 30 years ago in 1986, with a large bipartisan majority. This sounds so nice. Wouldn’t that be nice? (Laughter.) Come on -- look -- we have so many right here. Let's go, raise your hands, fellas, if you're -- the 1986 tax bill, which substantially reduced our business tax rate to make America globally competitive, went through the roof. The plan worked; the jobs and industry boomed. Other countries saw our success and copied our playbook. Our foreign competitors adopted tax rates much lower and much more competitive than our own.
In fact, when it comes to business tax, we are now dead last among developed nations. We pay the highest tax of any nation in the world. Our rate is the least competitive rate there is.
Our business tax rate is 60 percent higher than our average economic competitor. Think of that. And then you say, how do you compete? Well, in many cases, you don't. Our companies leave; they go to other countries. It's a massive tax on every product made in America, giving countries like Germany, Canada, Japan, South Korea, China and Mexico -- not to mention so many others -- a massive head start over American industry.
It is time to go from dead last to pretty much the front of the pack -- pretty much. (Applause.) We won't be the lowest but we'll be getting pretty close.
Under our framework, we will dramatically cut the business tax rate so that American companies and workers can beat our foreign competitors. (Applause.) We will cut the business tax rate from 35 percent, all the way down to 20 percent -- below our average competition, by far.
And this is a revolutionary change, and the biggest winners will be everyday working families as jobs start pouring into our country. (Applause.) When companies leave our shores, it’s American workers who get hurt -- they get fired. When companies stay in America, and move to America, it’s our wonderful workers who reap the benefits and the rewards.
And for the majority of American manufacturers that file taxes as sole proprietors or S corporations or partnerships, we will cap your top tax rate at a maximum rate -- unlike present -- of 25 percent. That's your maximum rate. (Applause.) This will be the lowest top marginal income tax rate for small- and medium-sized businesses in more than 80 years. The lowest in 80 years. (Applause.) And it will be rocket fuel for our economy.
To further help our companies to compete, for the next five years our framework will allow you to fully write off the cost of new equipment in the year you buy it. Think of that one. To me, that's so big. (Applause.) So you don't take it over many years; you take it immediately upon when you buy it. That will be something that people have never seen before, and it will be great. It will be truly great. That means more production, more investment, and far more jobs.
If we want to make more products and say "Made in America" -- because that's what we want -- "Made in the USA" or "Made in America" -- then we have to reduce taxes on the businesses that produce in America. And with your help, that is exactly what we are going to do.
and finally, our framework -- and you have to remember, you see what's happening with companies and offshore -- encourages American companies to bring back trillions of dollars in wealth parked overseas. Our current tax code actually punishes companies for keeping their headquarters in America and discourages them from bringing back the profits they earn overseas. We are going to reverse that.
now, we have at least $3 trillion overseas. And I must tell you, I've been following this for six years, and Republicans and Democrats have always said we want that money to come back. So they all agree, and they still never got it done. We're going to bring everybody together, and we're going to get that done. (Applause.)
We will eliminate the penalty on bringing back the future earnings and bringing them back to the United States in full. And we will impose a one-time low tax on money currently parked overseas so it can be brought back home to America, where it belongs.
For too long, our tax code has incentivized companies to leave our country in search of lower tax rates. My administration rejects the offshoring model, and we have embraced a new model. It's called the American model.
We want companies to hire and grow in America, to raise wages for American workers, and to help rebuild American cities and towns. When we grow American manufacturing, we don’t only grow our jobs and wages, but we also grow America's spirit. When we purchase products made in America, fashioned by our fellow citizens, we renew the bonds of national loyalty that link us all together as one.
There is a great patriotism that lives inside the men and women who leave their hearts on the factory floors, who pour their hopes into the works of iron and steel, and who turn dreams into reality with their own two hands.
When they huddle in the breakroom, at the rest stop, or at the end of a long and very tiring shift, they take pride in knowing that the products they work and the products they make aren’t just building business; they’re building families and communities, and, most of all, they are building this nation that we all love so much. (Applause.)
We want every American to know the dignity of work, the pride -- the pride, the beautiful pride -- getting a paycheck, the satisfaction of being told that was a job well done.
We want every parent to be able to care for their children, and we want every child to know a home filled with love, and a community filled with hope.
That is the America we see when we look at our American flag that hangs in all of our factories, sails our oceans, and waves over our cities, towns, and fields. We love our American flag. (Applause.)
The soul of a country is found in the people who make it a home, and we owe it to our citizens to provide them with a future of opportunity where they can earn a living with dignity and purpose and pride. We can build this future together as one team, one people, and one great American family.
This can be remembered as the moment we took control of our destiny and chose a future of American patriotism, prosperity, and pride.
With your help and your voice, we will bring back our jobs, we will bring back our wealth, and for every citizen across this land, we will bring back our great American Dream. (Applause.)
Thank you. God bless you. And God bless America. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.
END 12:10 P.M. EDTIndianapolis, Indiana
3:30 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. You just want massive tax cuts. That's what you want. That's the only reason you're going so wild. (Applause.)
But it’s wonderful to be back in the great state of Indiana. What a place. (Applause.)
I want to thank Senator Todd Young, Senator Joe Donnelly, Representative Jackie Walorski, Representative Susan Brooks, and Representative Mike [sic] Messer for joining us today. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for being here. Appreciate it. (Applause.)
I also want to thank members of my economic team, Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Director Gary Cohn, for joining us, as well. We appreciate it. (Applause.)
Let me begin by saying that our hearts and prayers go out to the people of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands who are suffering in the wake of yet another catastrophic hurricane. I mean, their island was virtually destroyed. Federal agencies are working closely with local partners to help these communities get back on their feet as soon as possible.
Texas, Florida, and Louisiana are doing great, and the recovery process is happening very, very quickly.
I will be going down to Puerto Rico next week to get an on-the-ground briefing about the disaster recovery and to see all of our great first responders and to meet a lot of the people who were so affected by these storms. We are with you now, I tell them, and we will be there every step of the way until this job is done. It is truly catastrophic what happened in Puerto Rico. (Applause.)
And massive amounts of water, food, and supplies, by the way, are being delivered on an hourly basis. It’s something that nobody has ever seen before from this country, I can tell you that. And I’m very proud of all of the folks that have worked so hard in FEMA, all of our first responders, all of our police that have gone to the island because their police force has been so badly affected. And many of their policemen -- in fact, most of the police people have lost their homes, and it’s been a tough go. But we are -- we're going to get it back.
Before we go on to discuss the largest tax cut in our county’s history, I also want to provide a brief update on healthcare. We have the votes on Graham-Cassidy. But with the rules of reconciliation, we're up against a deadline of Friday -- two days. That's just two days. And yes-vote senator -- we have a wonderful senator, great, great senator -- who is a yes vote, but he’s home recovering from a pretty tough situation. And with so many great features, including all of the block granting, the money to the states, et cetera, et cetera, our healthcare plan is really going to be something excellent. It’s going to be better managed for the people that it serves. Having local healthcare representatives is far better than having healthcare managed from Washington, D.C. Not even a contest. (Applause.)
And many, many governors, as you also see, have agreed with us and approved it and really look forward to running it properly. But again, because the reconciliation window is about to close, we have to wait a few months until it reopens before we take a vote. So we're getting all of the good signs from Alaska and the others to repeal and replace Obamacare. And I was hoping this would be put on my desk right after we won the election, and I’d come in and sign. But it didn't work that way. There were a couple of people that -- I won’t say anything. (Laughter.) But early next year when reconciliation kicks back in, in any event long before the November election, we're going to have a vote. And we're going to be able to get that through, and I think we’ll actually get it through very easily and the time makes it easier.
But speaking of reconciliation, the Republican Senate needs to get rid of the filibuster rule, which is blocking so many great legislative reforms the American people badly want and deserve. By the way, the Democrats, if they had the opportunity, which hopefully they won’t for many, many years, they would get rid of it on day one. And most of you know exactly what I’m talking about.
We’re here today in Indiana to announce our framework to deliver historic tax relief to the American People. (Applause.)
This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity, and I guess it's probably something I can say that I'm very good at. I've been waiting for this for a long time. We're going to cut taxes for the middle class, make the tax code simpler and more fair for everyday Americans, and we are going to bring back the jobs and wealth that have left our country -- and most people thought left our country for good. (Applause.)
We want tax reform that is pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-worker, pro-family, and, yes, tax reform that is pro-American. (Applause.) It's time to take care of our people, to rebuild our nation, and to fight for our great American workers. (Applause.)
Indiana is a tremendous example of the prosperity that is unleashed when we cut taxes and set free the dreams of our citizens. This state has claimed a powerful competitive edge built on low taxes and less regulation -- and are we cutting regulation? (Applause.)
And businesses all across the country have taken notice. In recent years, Indiana has welcomed dozens of companies fleeing high taxes and high-tax states. Thousands of new jobs and massive capital investment have followed -- meaning a better quality of life for the people of Indiana.
All of this is possible because the people of this state have made a decision. They chose to make Indiana competitive again. They chose, and their choice was so important. It included electing a governor, who you may have heard of -- (laughter) -- who signed the largest income tax cut in the state’s history, our very, very terrific person and terrific Vice President, Mike Pence. (Applause.)
It's time for Washington to learn from the wisdom of Indiana. We need Washington to promote American jobs instead of obstructing them. That is what I have been working to achieve every day since I took office. That is what I talked about on the campaign trail.
Already, we're seeing the results of an economic policy that finally puts America first. (Applause.) Unemployment is at a 16-year low. Unemployment for African Americans is near its lowest point since the turn of the millennium. It's really a fantastic thing to see. (Applause.)
Wages are rising. Optimism among manufacturers has reached all-time highs. GDP growth last quarter reached 3 percent way ahead of schedule; nobody thought that was going to happen for a long time. (Applause.) And this quarter, I believe, would have been better, but the hurricanes will have an impact. But other than that, it would have been, in my opinion, even better.
Your government is working for you once again, not for the donors, not the special interests, but the hardworking taxpaying citizens of our country. (Applause.)
America is back on the right track. And I see so many red hats -- Make America Great Again. That's what we're doing -- Make America Great Again. (Applause.) But our country and our economy cannot take off like they should unless we dramatically reform America’s outdated, complex, and extremely burdensome tax code. It's a relic. We've got to change it. We have to compete -- compete with other countries.
The current tax system is a colossal barrier standing in the way of America’s economic comeback because it can be far greater than it's ever been. But we're going to remove that barrier to create the tax system our people finally, finally, finally -- and want and deserve.
For several months, my administration has been working closely with Congress to develop a framework for tax reform. Over the next few months, the House and Senate will build on this framework and produce legislation that will deliver more jobs, higher pay, and lower taxes for middle-class families -- for the working man and woman -- and for businesses of all sizes. I look forward -- (Applause.) Thank you.
I look forward to working with Congress to deliver these historic tax cuts and reforms to the American people. These tax cuts are significant. There's never been tax cuts like what we're talking about.
Our framework is based on four key ideas: First, we will cut taxes for the everyday, hardworking Americans -- the people that work so long, so hard, and they've been forgotten. But they're not forgotten anymore. I think we proved that on November 8th. (Applause.)
Under this framework, the first $12,000 of income earned by a single individual will be tax free, -- (applause) -- and a married couple won’t pay a dime in taxes on their first $24,000 of income. So, a married couple -- up to $24,000 -- can spend their money on their family, on their children, on what they have to do. So much better.
In other words, more income for more people will be taxed at a rate of zero. (Applause.) At this zero percent rate, taxable income will be subject to just three tax rates of 12 percent, 25 percent, and 35 percent.
Jonathan Blanton and his wife Jamie from Greentown are here with us today. Where are they? Oh, hello, Jonathan. How are you? (Applause.)
Jonathan does industrial janitorial work and Jamie works at an auto company. Together they're raising four beautiful children, and last year they earned less than $90,000. Under our tax plan they would have saved more than $1,000, and it could be substantially more. And that's just on federal taxes. So they would have saved at least $1,000.
Middle-income families will save even more money with an increased child tax credit for children under the age of 17, which so many families have been calling for. (Applause.)
We will eliminate the marriage penalty in the existing credit and expand eligibility to include even more middle-income families. Greatly expanded.
We're also expanding the child tax credit because we believe the most important investment our country can make is in our children. (Applause.) And this is just one more critical way that we're targeting relief to working families.
In addition, under our framework, those caring for the elderly loved -- and we love these people, but we're caring, and we take such care of the elderly and other adult dependents -- will receive financial relief in the form of a $500 tax credit. (Applause.)
We’re doing everything we can to reduce the tax burden on you and your family. By eliminating tax breaks and loopholes, we will ensure that the benefits are focused on the middle class, the working men and women, not the highest-income earners. (Applause.)
Our framework includes our explicit commitment that tax reform will protect low-income and middle-income households, not the wealthy and well-connected. They can call me all they want. It’s not going to help. I’m doing the right thing, and it’s not good for me. Believe me. (Applause.)
But what is good for me -- not only as President and legacy -- what is good for me is if everything takes off like a rocket ship, like it should have for 20 years. That's good for me. That's good for everyone. (Applause.) And that's what I think is going to happen. (Applause.) And a lot of very wealthy people feel the same way, believe me.
In fact, we are eliminating most itemized deductions that primarily benefit the wealthiest taxpayers. We've also given Congress the flexibility to add an additional top rate on the very highest income earners to provide even more tax relief for working people.
Second, our framework will make the tax code simple, fair, and easy to understand, finally. (Applause.)
Americans waste money. Americans waste so much money -- billions and billions of dollars and many hours each year to comply with our ridiculously complex tax code. More than 90 percent of Americans use assistance to prepare their taxes. Under our framework, the vast majority of families will be able to file their taxes on a single sheet of paper. (Applause.)
We are also repealing the alternative minimum tax, or AMT. About time. (Applause.)
The AMT is actually a shadow tax system that requires many people to calculate their taxes two different ways and pay the higher of the two amounts. You're all familiar with it. Under our framework, the AMT will make even less sense because we are repealing many of the special interest tax breaks that it was designed to deal with. We are making our taxes simple again. We are simplifying our tax system.
To protect millions of small businesses and the American farmer, we are finally ending the crushing, the horrible, the unfair estate tax, or as it is often referred to, the death tax. (Applause.)
That means, especially for all of you with small businesses that are really tremendous businesses, you’ll be able to leave them to your family, and your family won’t have to run out and do a fire sale to try and get the money to pay the tax -- lose the business, ends up going out of business. All of those jobs are lost. The farmers in particular are affected. They have wonderful farms, but they can't pay the tax, so they have to sell the farm. The people that buy it don't run it with love. They can't run it the same way, and it goes out. So that death tax is a disaster for this country and a disaster for so many small businesses and farmers. And we're getting rid of it. (Applause.)
Now if you don't like your family, it won’t matter, okay? (Laughter.) But for those that love your family, it matters a lot. (Laughter.)
With us today is Kip Tom, a family farmer from Leesburg -- Where's Kip? Go ahead, Kip. Hi, Kip -- (applause) -- who fears that his family’s farming heritage -- it’s been a long time. How long, Kip? A hundred and eighty-seven years -- that's peanuts, Kip. (Applause.) Wow. That's a long time. But that great heritage could come to an end because of the death tax, or the estate tax, and could make it impossible for him to pass that legacy to his wonderful family. We’re not going to let that happen.
We are not going to allow the death tax to steal away the American Dream from these great, great families, many of which are in this room today. (Applause.)
We will protect our farmers, our ranchers, and our small businesses, and we will make taxes simple, easy, and fair for all Americans. Okay? (Applause.)
Third, we will cut taxes on American businesses to restore our competitive edge and create more jobs and higher wages for American workers. (Applause.)
In Indiana, you have seen firsthand that cutting taxes on businesses makes your state more competitive and leads to more jobs and higher paychecks for your workers. Now, we want to do the same thing for America, making our country more competitive with other nations. And in many cases, those other nations are taking advantage of us in so many ways. They say they're friends, and perhaps they are, but believe me, I am renegotiating our trade deals, including NAFTA, including many other trade deals. (Applause.)
And through regulation, all you have to do is look at the massive pipelines -- Dakota Access. You take a look, 48,000 jobs immediately approved. So we're letting that happen.
But in terms of the tax and the tax strategy that Ronald Reagan used to create an economic boom in the 1980s: When our economy took off, the middle class thrived, and the family income of all families was increasing more and more. And it was a beautiful sight to behold.
Since then, other nations have adopted, unfortunately, our playbook and ran it even better than we did. And I shouldn't say even better because we didn't run it well at all, and we let other nations come in and take advantage of us and take our jobs away and take our businesses out. And we're stopping that, and you see it right here what we've done.
Today, our total business tax rate is 60 percent higher than our average foreign competitor in the developed world. That's not good. We have surrendered our competitive edge to other countries, but we're not surrendering anymore. We're not surrendering anymore.
Under our framework, we will dramatically cut the business tax rate so that American companies and American workers can beat our foreign competitors and start winning again. (Applause.) We will reduce the corporate tax rate to no higher than 20 percent. That's way down from 35 and 39 -- (applause) -- which is substantially below the average of other industrialized nations.
This is a revolutionary change, and the biggest winners will be the everyday American workers as jobs start pouring into our country, as companies start competing for American labor, and as wages start going up at levels that you haven't seen in many years. (Applause.)
When our companies move to other countries, it’s our loyal American workers who get hurt. And when companies stay in America, and come to America, it’s our wonderful workers who reap the rewards.
And I just left the United Nations last week, and I was told by one of the most powerful leaders of the world that they're going to be announcing, in the not-too-distant future, five major factories in the United States -- between increasing and new -- five. (Applause.) You'll be hearing about that very soon.
And I said thank you very much, and he said, "you know what? It's starting to happen in the United States. It's starting to happen." So I just wanted to let you know that. I promised I wouldn't say who. I'll keep my word. Okay? (Laughter.) Unless you force me. (Laughter.)
AUDIENCE MEMBERS: Who?
THE PRESIDENT: Members of both parties -- it happens to be in the automobile industry. That's a good industry. (Laughter.) Members of both parties should agree that we need a tax code that keeps jobs in our country and brings jobs back to our country. (Applause.)
And for the millions of small businesses and farms that file their taxes as sole proprietors, S corporations or partnerships, we will cap the tax rate they pay at 25 percent -- much lower. Big difference. (Applause.) This will be the lowest top marginal income tax rate for small and mid-size businesses in this country in more than 80 years. (Applause.)
To give businesses even more reason to boost their investment in America, for the next five years, our framework will allow to fully write off -- listen to this -- the cost of equipment in the year they buy it. That is big. (Applause.) And that's instead of having to take deductions and deduct the cost over a long period of time. Now that's called incentive. That's called incentive. (Applause.) This will be tremendously important to help American businesses afford the heavy industrial machinery and other capital investments they need to grow big and grow strong.
Joining us today is John Gannon, the owner of a custom wood fencing and deck construction company in Indianapolis. John is the father of nine children, and recently celebrated his 35th wedding anniversary. Congratulations, John. (Applause.)
And John is in the fencing company, as you heard, and I'm just thinking -- I have to mention this -- you know, we have a fence around the White House. (Laughter.) We have a fence around the White House, and they want to build a new fence. And I figured, you know -- I'm pretty good at construction -- I figured, I don't know, maybe a million, maybe a million-and-a-half. And this has been taking place over a long period of time -- previous administrations.
So I said, "how much is the fence you're talking around the White House?" "Sir, the fence will cost approximately $50 million." I said, "What?" (Laughter.) I kid you not, and we have thousands of things like that. Thousands. We're going to get it all down, but think of that: $50 million. Now, I assume it's a strong fence. (Laughter.) Okay? So, John, do you think you could do it for slightly less than $50 million? I think he could take $49 off right now and he'd have plenty of profit. Right? Right, John? It's crazy. (Applause.) It's crazy. Never understand it, but we’re working on it.
John says that a tax cut like we're proposing will make his business more competitive, allowing him to expand, hire more workers, and raise wages for his current employees. Right, John?
Also with us is Aaron Williams, a father of two who works in the field of information technology. Where's Aaron? Hello, Aaron. Hi. (Applause.) It's a good field.
Aaron has seen the disastrous effects of high -- and just literally, high corporate tax rates right up close and personal, as more and more high-tech jobs are shipped overseas. You've been watching it, Aaron. Right? All over. Like millions of other Americans, Aaron wants to bring those jobs back to the United States.
We're going to reduce the tax rate on American businesses so they can keep jobs in America, Aaron; create jobs in America; compete for workers in America; and raise wages right here in America. You're going to be in a much different position. Okay? (Applause.) Thank you. Tremendous incentives.
We want more products proudly stamped with those four beautiful words: Made in the USA. Right? (Applause.) Made in the USA.
Finally, our framework encourages American companies to bring back the trillions and trillions of dollars in wealth that's parked overseas. Our current tax system -- (applause) -- trillions. And by the way, for years I've been hearing it's 2.5 trillion. So I've been hearing this for about five years, so I assume it's much more. Right? But Democrats want to do it, and Republicans want to do it. For years -- who doesn't want to do it? They want to bring -- but they can't do it because it's so restrictive, and the taxes are so ridiculous. So they can't do it. So the money stays in other countries, and it's invested in other countries. We want to bring it back.
But think of it, it’s one of the few things -- Democrats want it and Republicans want it. So they both want it, and yet for years they haven’t been able to do it. Now we're doing it. We're doing things. (Applause.)
You know, it’s one thing when we want a healthcare and they want a healthcare, and there’s a dispute. But here’s something everybody wants and they can't do it. So you can tell you, there’s a broken system in D.C., but we're getting it fixed rather -- I think -- rather rapidly. You’ll be seeing that over the next few months.
Our current tax system makes us one of the few developed nations in the world to punish our companies when they bring wealth earned overseas back into our country. We're punishing them for bringing the money back in.
As a result, corporations have parked many trillions of dollars in foreign countries, and many have incorporated abroad in order to avoid our punitive tax system altogether. And some companies actually leave our country because they have so much money overseas -- so much, it’s an incredible amount -- that they move the company to get their money. We're going to let them bring the money back home. (Applause.)
Our framework will stop punishing companies for keeping their headquarters in the United States. We're punishing companies under our codes for being in the United States. We will impose a one-time low tax on returning money that is already offshore so that it can be brought back home to America where it belongs and where it can be put to work and work and work. (Applause.)
The framework I’ve just described represents a once-in-a-generation opportunity to reduce taxes, rebuild our economy, and restore America's competitive edge. Finally. (Applause.)
And I have to say, just before coming here we released some of the details of the tax and the tax reform and the tax cuts, and it has really received tremendous, tremendous reviews. And if Senator Donnelly doesn't approve it, because you know he’s on the other side, we will come here. We will campaign against him like you wouldn’t believe. (Applause.) I think they're going to approve it. I think we’ll have -- actually, I think we’ll have numerous Democrats come across because it’s the right thing to do.
These reforms will be a dramatic change from a failed tax system that encourages American businesses to ship jobs to foreign countries that have much lower tax rates. It’s what we can't do. Our competitors have much lower tax rates. But no longer. My administration strongly rejects this offshoring model, and we have embraced the new model. It’s called -- the American model. (Applause.)
Under the American model, we are reducing burdens on our businesses as long as they do business in our country. That's what we want. We want them to do business in our country, not to leave our country like a number of firms from Indiana. Some made some great promises to me, but those promises are only being partially kept because they're incentivized to leave. But now they're going to be incentivized to stay. And if that doesn't work, then we’ll get even tougher than that. Okay?
We want our companies to hire and grow in America and to raise wages for American workers, and to help rebuild American cities and towns. (Applause.)
That is how we will all succeed together and grow together as one team, one people, and one American family. We want it to happen here. (Applause.)
Tax reform has not historically been a partisan issue, and it does not have to be a partisan issue today. I really believe we're going to have numerous Democrats come over and sign because it's the right thing to do. I believe that it's the right thing to do, and I know many of them. And they're telling me it is the right thing to do. President Reagan’s tax cuts were passed with significant bipartisan majorities at a time when there was a Democrat majority in the House and a Democrat Speaker -- Tip O'Neill.
Before that, Democrat President John F. Kennedy championed tax cuts that surged the economy and massively reduced unemployment. As President Kennedy very wisely said, “The single most important fiscal weapon available to strengthen the national economy is the federal tax policy. The right kind of tax cut at the right time" -- at the right time, this is the right time -- "is the most effective measure that this government could take to spur our economy forward.” That was President Kennedy. (Applause.)
My fellow Americans, this is the right tax cut, and this is the right time. Democrats and Republicans in Congress should come together, finally, to deliver this giant win for the American people and begin middle-class miracle -- it's called a middle-class miracle, once again. It's also called a miracle for our great companies; a miracle for the middle class, for the working person.
I truly believe that many Democrats want to support our plan, and with enough encouragement from the American people, they will find the courage to do what is right for our great country. (Applause.) But they'll only do it if you, the American people, make your voices heard. Only if you tell Congress to give us a tax code that puts American jobs first. And that's what we're doing. (Applause.)
History has proven time and time again that there is no power on Earth more awesome than the will of the American people. That is why today I am asking all Americans -- Republican, Democrat, independent -- to join with me, and with each other to demand tax reform that will truly, truly, truly make America great again. (Applause.)
Call your congressmen. Call your senators. Let them know you're watching. Let them know you're waiting. Tell them that today is the day for decision. That now is the time to heal this self-inflicted economic wound. And that with their action, the future will belong to all of us.
If you demand it, the politicians will listen. They will answer, and they will act. And someday, many years from now, our children and our grandchildren will remember this moment in history as the time when ordinary Americans took control of their destiny and chose a future of American patriotism, prosperity, and pride. (Applause.)
With your help and your voice, we will bring back our jobs, we will bring back our wealth, and for every citizen across this land, we will bring back our great American dreams.
Thank you, God bless you, and God bless the United States of America. (Applause.)
END 4:13 P.M. EDT1:56 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Good afternoon. I'm greatly honored to welcome President Mariano Rajoy of Spain, and it's a great honor to have you at the White House. Thank you very much.
We've just concluded a very productive conversation on a crucial range of economic and security issues.
Before we begin, I'd like to take a moment to send America’s hearts and prayers to the people of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Both have been devastated -- and I mean absolutely devastated -- by Hurricane Maria, and we're doing everything in our power to help the hard-hit people of both places, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. And a massive effort is underway, and we have been really treated very, very nicely by the governor and by everybody else. They know how hard we're working and what a good job we're doing.
As we speak, FEMA, our great first responders, and all available federal resources, including the military, are being marshaled to save lives, protect families, and begin a long and very, very difficult restoration process. I have directed all relevant departments and agencies to assist in the response and recovery effort.
As Governor Rosselló just told me this morning, the entire federal workforce is doing great work in Puerto Rico, and I appreciated his saying it. And he's saying it to anybody that will listen. Our team has been incredible after having gone through Texas and then Florida, with other stops along the way. And he further went on and he said, "And through the Trump administration's leadership, the relationship between FEMA and my team is very, very strong." I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday. I'll also be going to the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Over the last several weeks our nation has been tested by the destructive force of Mother Nature, but we will respond to it with an even mightier force: the resolve of the American spirit. Texas, Louisiana, and Florida are in really good shape and moving along well. We thank all of the first responders and volunteers who have risked their lives. And that's what they did -- they risked their lives.
To all of those impacted by the trouble and these horrible hurricanes and storms that have affected and impacted our country, I thank you. The recovery process will be a very, very difficult one. We will get through this, and we will get through it together. We will be stronger. We will be bigger. We will be better. Thank you very much.
The United States and Spain are great friends and close allies. Our bonds, culture, and commerce go back many centuries. Our schools teach American children about Spain’s history of exploration. Our museums treasure beautiful Spanish works of art. And your country’s contributions to architecture, music, and film are admired all over the world. It's a greatly admired country. The deep relationship between our two people is a strong foundation for lasting cooperation.
On behalf of the American people, I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all of those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last month. I want to assure the people of Spain that America stands with you in confronting this evil that threatens all of humanity. We will continue to deny the terrorists their funding, their territory, and any form of support for their wicked ideology.
In this common fight, America greatly appreciates Spain’s contribution to the coalition to defeat ISIS. Spanish troops and police have trained more than 30,000 members of the Iraqi security forces. We also thank the Spanish people for being such gracious hosts to the American servicemembers stationed at Spanish bases.
The United States and Spain together face many critical dangers and challenges, from North Korea, to Iran, to Venezuela. We thank Spain for its recent decision to expel its North Korean ambassador and for standing with us in our efforts to isolate the brutal North Korean regime.
It is time for all responsible nations to join forces to isolate the North Korean menace. North Korean nuclear weapons and missile development threaten the entire world with unthinkable loss of life. All nations must act now to ensure the regime’s complete denuclearization.
I appreciate the United Nations Security Council voting twice, unanimously -- 15 to nothing, twice -- to adopt hard-hitting resolutions against North Korea. I have recently issued tough new sanctions against those who do business with this outlaw regime, and I applaud China’s latest action to restrict its trade with North Korea. And, in particular, I applaud China for breaking off all banking relationships with North Korea -- something that people would have thought unthinkable even two months ago. I want to thank President Xi.
Here, in the Western Hemisphere, we have seen the heartbreaking tragedy of Maduro’s socialist rule in Venezuela. Spain has been especially helpful in promoting the interests and wellbeing of the Venezuelan people, and we thank you for your efforts.
We hope our friends in the EU will soon follow the United States, Canada, and many Latin American nations in sanctioning the Maduro regime. We need everybody involved. The citizens of Venezuela have endured immense suffering, poverty, starvation, and dangerous political unrest under Maduro’s oppressive socialist regime.
Together, Spain and the United States hope for peace, for the restoration of democracy, and for the release of all political prisoners. Wherever socialism spreads, misery follows. The people of Venezuela deserve a future of freedom. These are great people.
In the economic arena, we support trade that benefits both Spain and the United States, which means it must be fair and it must be reciprocal -- such an important word. It hasn’t been used very much in the United States -- "reciprocal." Spain is the 10th largest investor in the United States, and I commend Spanish business leaders for their confidence in America and the American worker. And considering the fact that our stock market has just hit all-time highs, I think they probably like the United States very much right now.
This is a time for both tremendous opportunity for our world, but also serious dangers. As I said at the United Nations, which future really is up to us. If we empower our citizens, serve their needs, and appeal to all that is best in the human spirit, then I have no doubt we will succeed like never, ever before.
Mr. President, I look forward to working with you to build this future of prosperity and peace for both Spain and for the United States of America. Thank you very much. Thank you
PRESIDENT RAJOY: (As interpreted.) Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon. I would like to start by expressing my solidarity -- that of my government and that of the Spanish people -- with the people in the U.S. government after the terrible events President Trump just referred to and that took place in Texas, Florida, and other U.S. regions, and in Puerto Rico.
We hope and we wish that even if what happened can't be changed, we hope that in the future we can do as best as possible for everyone.
President Trump and I had a working meeting today, which was very productive. And we went through our bilateral relations. Spain and the United States are two great partners. We share values, democracy, freedom, respect for human rights, the rule of law. And we have institutional and cultural -- corporate ties which are very important.
Relations between the two countries have been excellent, and we must continue to work to strengthen those relations even more, especially in the economic arena. That's why our priorities of strengthening the economy and job creation are key. Trade between the two countries is growing sustainably. The United States is our second top trading partner outside of Europe. The United States is our top destination of exports outside the European Union.
And regarding investments, it’s the second top destination of Spanish investments and the top investor in Spain. For many years, Spanish companies have invested in the U.S. They're creating many stable and high-quality jobs in different sectors, such as the financial industry and energy. And this has been possible thanks to the establishment of subsidiaries in the United States by 600 Spanish companies, and they will continue to create jobs. That's why they follow closely investment opportunities in the United States, and they can contribute their technology and their experience to the United States.
I've also given details to President Trump on Spain's role in different crises, which are important to us all. For instance, he referred to our participation in the coalition against Daesh and the crisis due to nuclear proliferation in North Korea.
Combatting terrorism was something we talked about at length. Spain has a longstanding experience in this area. And just like the United States, we've been hit by jihadi terrorist attacks on our soil. Both countries agree on anti-terrorist policy, and we cooperate very closely on police, military, and intelligence areas. I've also said that I'm sure that we still have to do a lot in the area of intelligence. We need to improve the coordination mechanisms in the area of cybersecurity or preventing recruitment and financing of terrorists.
I've also underscored Spain's role as a member of the global coalition against terrorism, and our deployment in Iraq, which is very large. We're the fourth-largest contributor and we've trained over 32,000 officers. In addition to that, I've told President Trump that we would increase our commitment with the new phase after the fall of Mosul by contributing a new financial package to rebuild Iraq.
We also have long relations in the area of defense, both in NATO and bilaterally with the Spanish bases, which are used by both our countries in Rota and Moron, which are increasingly important strategically. Our defense agreement goes back to 1988. At the time, Spain was in the backseat of the alliance; right now we're at the forefront -- Daesh, Sahel, Libya. So the defense and security relation is excellent, but we would like that to spill over into other areas of the bilateral relation. President Trump and I have gone through the political and economic situation in our countries.
Regarding the international situation, we've agreed that the challenge by North Korea to the non-proliferation regime is an intolerable violation of the international legality. And I've expressed the full support of the Spanish government to the stepping up of sanctions, as approved by the United Nations the other day. As we know, the European Union is working on new additional measures, and in that context, Spain will continue to press for a firm, common stance supportive of the U.S. and its regional allies.
I've also reminded President Trump that the Spanish government has taken measures that have reduced the diplomatic presence of North Korea in our country. President Trump has thanked me for the firm position my government has taken and the measures we've adopted.
Regarding Venezuela, we've exchanged views on the worrying totalitarian direction the country is moving in and its impoverishment with the implications that has in the humanitarian area. We've noted that there's a need to sustain international pressure on the Venezuelan government so that it commits to negotiations which will enable us to find a democratic negotiated and peaceful solution to the current crisis. I've also reminded President Trump that Spain and the EU have spearheaded the adoption of sanctions, which were first individual and targeted.
So we've gone through the political and economic situation of both our countries. Spain and the United States are two democracies, friends and allies with many common values and interests. And we've agreed to work together in the area of defense of those values with a comprehensive and cooperative vision.
I would like to thank the warm welcome that was extended to us by President Trump and his team at the White House. And I would also like to underscore the friendship that exists between the United States and Spain. Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much.
Steve Holland, please. Reuters. Don’t get nervous, Steve. (Laughter.)
Q There’s some concern that you were preoccupied with the NFL instead of dealing with Puerto Rico. Why isn’t that a fair assessment?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I wasn’t preoccupied with the NFL. I was ashamed of what was taking place, because to me that was a very important moment. I don't think you can disrespect our country, our flag, our national anthem. To me, the NFL situation is a very important situation. I’ve heard that before about was I preoccupied. Not at all. Not at all. I have plenty of time on my hands. All I do is work.
And to be honest with you, that's an important function of working. It’s called respect for our country. Many people have died -- many, many people. Many people are so horribly injured. I was at Walter Reed Hospital recently, and I saw so many great young people, and they're missing legs and they're missing arms. And they've been so badly injured. And they were fighting for our country. They were fighting for our flag. They were fighting for our national anthem. And for people to disrespect that by kneeling during the playing of our national anthem I think is disgraceful.
So I will also say that -- again, I read you part of his quote -- but the Governor of Puerto Rico is so thankful for the great job that we're doing. We did a great job in Texas, a great job in Florida, a great job in Louisiana. We hit little pieces of Georgia and Alabama. And frankly, we're doing -- and it’s the most difficult job because it’s on the island. It’s on an island in the middle of the ocean. It’s out in the ocean. You can't just drive your trucks there from other states.
And the Governor said we are doing a great job. In fact, he thanked me specifically for FEMA and all of the first responders in Puerto Rico. And we're also mentioning with that the U.S. Virgin Islands. It was devastated. So we are totally focused on that.
But at the same time, it doesn't take me long to put out a wrong, and maybe we’ll get it right. I think it’s a very important thing for the NFL to not allow people to kneel during the playing of our national anthem, to respect our country and to respect our flag.
Okay? Thank you.
Q If I could ask the Prime Minister -- if I could ask a Prime Minister a question. It's going to take a war to rein in North Korea. And what is your advice to the President on dealing with this?
PRESIDENT RAJOY: (As interpreted.) No one wishes for there to be a war anywhere in the world, but it’s true that the recent events in North Korea with implications in the neighboring countries -- very important countries -- means that we all have to be forceful. And those of us who defend the values of democracy, freedom, and human rights have to let North Korea know that it isn’t going anywhere in that direction.
For the time being, sanctions have been adopted. Spain will support any political decision which will contribute to putting an end to this situation, which has nothing to do with the principles and values most Western and global democracies defend.
Q (As interpreted.) Thank you. Jose Emil Blanco (ph) from SA. We don't know whether during your conversation you discussed the Catalan situation. And this is a question for President Trump. Do you support what the Spanish government is doing regarding Catalonia? And I’d like to ask the President of the Spanish Government whether he fears there might be a unilateral declaration of independence in Catalonia, and what would the government do then.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I think that Spain is a great country and it should remain united. We're dealing with a great, great country, and it should remain united.
I’ve been watching that unfold, but it’s actually been unfolding for centuries. And I think that nobody knows if they're going to have a vote. I think the President would say they're not going to have a vote. But I think that the people would be very much opposed to that.
I can say only speaking for myself, I would like to see Spain continue to be united.
PRESIDENT RAJOY: (As interpreted.) The decision to unilaterally declare independence is not something -- it’s not a decision I would make. It’s a decision which will have to be made, or not, by the Catalan government. I think it would be very wrong. And I think that right now, when everyone knows that the referendum can't take place because there isn't an electoral committee, there isn't a team at the Catalan government organizing the referendum. There aren’t ballots, there aren't people at the voting stations. So it's just crazy. All this will lead to is noise. But certainly there can't be a valid democratic referendum with guarantees -- with minimum guarantees.
I think that what would make sense in a situation such as this is to go back to common sense and put an end to this whole story. The only thing it's doing is generating division, tensions, and it's not contributing in any way to the citizen situation. So I want this to be resolved as soon as possible. And I want us to go into a new stage where the rule of law, dialogue, and common sense will prevail. Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you. Major Garrett. Yes, CBS.
Q Good afternoon.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Yes, hi.
Q The day began in Puerto Rico with government officials saying (inaudible) and talking about the threat of debt a mere hours away. Are you truly satisfied with what the government has done so far in Puerto Rico? And can you tell the people there that things are actually going great, and government officials there are (inaudible) people there? And you have an official meeting this afternoon. Are you contemplating the deployment of special naval assets or air assets to Puerto Rico to address the problems there?
And on North Korea, very quickly, the Foreign Minister said you have declared, effectively, war on North Korea. And the North Korean government has threatened to shoot down or aim at American planes flying in international airspace. I would like your reaction to that.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Okay, well, I'll answer the second one first. We're totally prepared for the second option; not a preferred option. But if we take that option, it will be devastating --I can tell you that -- devastating for North Korea. That's called the military option. If we have to take it, we will.
He's acting very badly. He's saying things that should never, ever be said. And we're replying to those things, but it's a reply. It's not an original statement; it's a reply. But the things that he said over the last year -- and if you look back, the things that he said to past administrations -- North Korea is a situation that should have been handled 25 years ago, 20 years ago, 15 years ago, 10 years ago, and five years ago, and it could have been handled much more easily.
You had various administrations -- many administrations which left me a mess. But I'll fix the mess. So we'll see what happens with North Korea.
As far as Puerto Rico is concerned, I think just the opposite. We have had tremendous reviews from government officials, as we have in Texas and Louisiana, and as we have in Florida, as you know, from Governor Scott and Greg Abbott. Great governors. And this morning, the governor made incredible statements about how well we're doing.
We understand it's a disaster; it's a disaster that just happened. The grid was in bad shape before the storm. And Puerto Rico didn't get hit by one hurricane, it got hit by two hurricanes, and they were among the biggest we've ever seen -- with the second one being even worse. I mean, the second one hit Puerto Rico as a Category 5. I don't believe anybody has ever seen that happen before -- hit land with that kind of velocity.
The governor has been extremely generous and I appreciated it. We right now have our top people from FEMA, and they have been there. We're are unloading, on an hourly basis, massive loads of water and food and supplies for Puerto Rico.
And this isn't like Florida where we can go right up the spine, or like Texas where we go right down the middle and we distribute. This is a thing called the Atlantic Ocean. This is tough stuff.
The governor has been so incredible in his statements about the job we're doing. We're doing a great job. Don't forget, their police force has been decimated because many of the police in Puerto Rico have lost their homes. So, sure, they want to be police but they also want to be able to watch their families and find their families, and they have to live. So we're also very much involved in security in Puerto Rico.
So everybody has said it's amazing the job that we've done in Puerto Rico. We're very proud of it. And I'm going there on Tuesday. Now, with all of that being said, record -- if you look at the amount of water dropped on that island, between the two hurricanes -- and the first they just barely got by with, but they were devastated. And the second was a complete wipeout. I mean, this was a place that was destroyed.
So I think we've done a really good job. We're continuing to -- we are literally unloading, on an hourly basis, water, food, supplies. We have our top people from FEMA and our first responders and everybody else. We're going to be deploying Navy ships -- they've already been deployed. And we are going to do far more than anybody else would ever be able to do. And it's being recognized as such, but it is a tough situation.
Would you have a question or the President?
Q Mr. Prime Minister, if I may sir, do you share President Trump's hostility toward the Venezuelan regime? And what is your opinion, generally, of his -- that is to say, President Trump's suggestion that U.S. military intervention might be required if the Venezuelan government doesn’t change course? Do you support that? And would you be an advocate within the EU for tougher sanctions against the Venezuelan government?
PRESIDENT RAJOY: (As interpreted.) Well, we're spearheading in the European Union a proposal to impose sanctions on Venezuela. What is happening in Venezuela is unacceptable. Venezuela, traditionally, was a democratic country, and at this time it's no longer a democratic country. There are political prisoners in Venezuela. There are people who are in jail only because they think differently than Mr. Maduro.
And I was the first Prime Minister to receive Lilian Tintori, who is the wife of Leopoldo López, who was jailed because Mr. Maduro didn't like him. But there were many others who were sent to jail.
In Venezuela, there was a parliament, and the government has made up this other parliament which has its meeting next to the other parliament, and it enacts legislation. They've created a commission for the truth, which is an anti-democratic tool which only serves to judge people without respecting minimum human rights standards.
Venezuela is on the road to dictatorship unless that can be stopped. So all of us who share values such as democracy, freedom, and human rights have to do something. At this time, sanctions are important. It's important that there be an international coalition putting pressure on Maduro so that political prisoners are freed and democracy is restored, because this lack of democracy and the attack against human rights and freedoms come in conjunction with a terrible economic situation with a 300 percent inflation rate, with problems supplying foods and medicines to people.
So it's a really tragic situation, and I think that we have -- we, the United States and Spain, have a responsibility towards Venezuela. There are a lot of Spaniards living in Venezuela, and I'm worried about them -- about them and the rest. But they certainly worry me. So I think that the international community should be forceful with regards to Venezuela.
Q Thank you. Pilar Santos from El Periódico de Catalunya. I have a question for each of you.
For President Trump: With the serious political crisis in Spain because of the referendum on Sunday, what solution do you think there is? Have you given advice to President Rajoy on this matter? Do you think there should be a dialogue between the Generalitat and the government to find a solution?
And now a question for Prime Minister Rajoy. It seems that what you're doing in Catalonia -- the way you're managing things in Catalonia -- is having an impact on the budget. And I would also like to know whether you think that situation with the PNV Party can be resolved, or do you think that you will have to call early elections. Thank you very much.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I think the people of Catalonia have been talking about this for a long time. But I bet you if you had accurate numbers and accurate polling, you'd find that they love their country, they love Spain, and they wouldn't leave. So I'm just for united Spain.
I speak as the President of the United States, as somebody that has great respect for your President, and also has really great respect for your country. I really think the people of Catalonia would stay with Spain. I think it would be foolish not to. Because you're talking about staying with a truly great, beautiful, and very historic country.
PRESIDENT RAJOY: (As interpreted.) We will be delaying the budgets in parliament because we think that when we submit the budgets we will need the needed support to approve them. We're talking with different political parties, as you know, and I don't think we'll have any problems if we continue to work down this line. I don't think we'll have any problems in approving them within a reasonable timeframe, but we are looking for a majority, just like we did last time around when we voted the budget.
At any rate, I'm not thinking at all about calling early elections as a result of what we were saying.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Mr. President, thank you very much. Thank you.
END
2:27 P.M. EDT12:36 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much. It's a pleasure to have President Rajoy with us. We will be discussing with our various representatives lots of different issues; among them is trade. And the United States is changing many of its trade deals, it's renegotiating many of its trade deals.
We've had a really great first nine months, I would say, with Spain. It's a special place. It's a special country with incredible people.
So, Mr. President, it is an honor to have you with us, and we look forward to spending the day. Thank you.
PRESIDENT RAJOY: (Speaks Spanish.) (No interpretation provided.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We are very much involved in the fight against terrorism together. We're comparing notes and we're comparing intelligence. And we are very, very unified in that fight. As you know, Spain is also very involved.
And it's an unfortunate situation, but these are -- the times are changing. And we're being very, very strong on terrorism, as you see. We have had tremendous success in the Middle East, in Iraq and in Syria, in terms of ISIS and in terms of what we've done to get rid of this threat. But we work very closely with Spain, and we'll be very successful.
Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.
END
12:40 P.M. EDTPRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much. It's a great honor to have President Rajoy of Spain. He's somebody highly respected -- highly respected -- in this country.
We have a very, very close relationship with Spain. And, Mr. President, it's an honor to have you in the Oval Office. It's an honor to have you at the White House.
And we're going to be discussing trade and other things, and we look forward to doing it. And, Mr. President, thank you very much.
PRESIDENT RAJOY: (As interpreted.) Good morning. Thank you very much. I would like to thank President Donald Trump for the very warm welcome he has extended.
You know that bilateral relations between Spain and the United States are excellent. We have excellent economic relations. Trade is growing, and we are the second-highest investors in the United States, and the United States is a top investor in Spain.
We belong to NATO and we have very good cooperation in defense and in the fight against terrorism, and I hope that we will achieve the goal of our meeting, which is to continue to see economic growth, job creation, and to continue to have very good relations between our peoples, and to continue promoting democracy and human rights, and especially the fight against terrorism.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: President Rajoy and myself will be speaking outside, and we'll take some questions. I assume you're going to be asking me only about Spain. We love Spain but they have a lot of other things on their mind, I have to tell you. And again, we have a terrific relationship and that will continue and be stronger than ever before.
So I'll see you outside in a little while. Thank you all very much.
END
12:24 P.M. EDTRoosevelt Room
10:48 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Good morning. I'm honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House. We've been meeting long and hard. We've been meeting for quite some time. And it's been very interesting, and we're going to have a big announcement tomorrow.
I'd like to thank Committee Chairman Kevin Brady -- thank you, Kevin -- and Ranking Member Richard Neal for being here today. Really appreciate it.
I've asked lawmakers of both parties to join us to discuss our framework for tax cuts and tax reform before it will be released tomorrow. We'll be releasing a very comprehensive report tomorrow, and it will be a very, very powerful document.
Our plan is based on four very crucial principles. First, we must make our tax code simple and fair. It's too complicated. People can't do it. American taxpayers waste 6 billion hours each year complying with the tax code.
Under our plan, the vast majority of Americans will be able to file their tax return on a single page without extra recordkeeping and all of that paperwork. So we're going to make it very, very simple. It's called simplification.
Second, we will cut taxes tremendously for the middle class -- not just a little bit, but tremendously. That includes nearly doubling the standard deduction that most families take on their taxes, and increasing the child tax credit families really want, and we've talked about it for a long time.
Third, we will lower tax rates for businesses to create more jobs and higher wages for Americans. America has the highest business tax rate in anywhere in the developed world. We're the highest-taxed nation in the developed world, and I think in the undeveloped world too. But you know, I have to be very accurate with these people because they'll start claiming all sorts of things. So we'll just keep it in the developed world, Mike. Okay? (Laughter.)
But we're the highest-taxed nation in the developed world, and we want to become one of the lowest, and that's what we'll be doing. And we'll be announcing those numbers tomorrow. We want to go over them with the committee, but they are set.
And the jobs will start pouring in from all over the world coming back to our country. They've left our country, so many of the jobs, and they’ll be coming back in because we have a non-competitive tax structure right now, and we're going to go super-competitive.
Finally, we want to bring back trillions of dollars in wealth parked overseas. We want this money invested right here in America. You have close to $3 trillion, and it could be much more than that. Nobody really knows what the number is, but we know it's substantially more than $2.5 trillion. And that money is overseas, and that money will come pouring back based on what we're doing and the incentives that we're giving.
I look forward to working with the members of Congress gathered here today to pass the reform and the massive tax cuts that our country desperately needs to thrive, to grow, to prosper. If we do this, we will create millions of new jobs for our people, and bring many, many businesses back to our shores. We will become a competitive nation again. We won't see companies leaving our country, firing their people, and going and then selling their product, by the way, back into our country with no tax and no retribution. That will all stop.
It's time for both parties to come together and do what is right for the American people and the nation that we all love.
So I want to thank everybody very much for being here, and I look forward to getting to work. And again, we've been working on this for a long time, but this is the finishing touches.
And, Kevin, again, thank you. And, Richard, thank you and all of your folks. Thank you very much.
Q Do you want an up or down vote on the Graham-Cassidy bill, sir?
THE PRESIDENT: We'll see what happens. We'll see what happens.
We were very disappointed by a couple of senators -- Republican senators, I must say. We were very disappointed that they would take the attitude that they did. We don't know why they did it. You can sort of figure that. But we'll see what happens. I mean, you know, it's going along. And at some point there will be a repeal on my desk, but we'll see whether or not that point is now or will it be shortly thereafter. But we are disappointed in certain so-called Republicans.
Q Mr. President, how much money do you think Puerto Rico needs?
THE PRESIDENT: Puerto Rico needs a lot of money. I'm going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday -- scheduled trip. It's the earliest I can go because of the first responders, and we don't want to disrupt the relief efforts. You know, they're going through a lot. The mayor of San Juan was very generous and very nice this morning. He was thanking us for the great job we've done with FEMA, that -- we really have. We have worked very, very hard in Puerto Rico.
It's very tough because it's an island. In Texas, we can ship the trucks right out there. And you know, we've gotten A-pluses on Texas and on Florida, and we will also on Puerto Rico. But the difference is, this is an island sitting in the middle of an ocean. And it's a big ocean; it's a very big ocean. And we're doing a really good job.
I want to go there. Tuesday seems to be the first time we can do, without really disrupting first responders and the efforts that are being made to help people. We have shipped massive amounts of food and water and supplies to Puerto Rico, and we are continuing to do it on an hourly basis.
But that island was hit as hard as you could hit. When you see 200-mile-an-hour winds -- even Texas didn't have 200-mile-an-hour winds, right? But when you see 200 miles and even more than that -- 200-mile-an-hour winds hitting a place and literally houses are just demolished. It was like tornados. It was like having hundreds of tornados -- the winds.
So we've never seen it. It actually touched down as a Category 5. People have never seen anything like that. And it was dead center. I mean, you couldn't be any more. And don't forget, a week before, it got hit by another hurricane. Now, that one brushed it, but that did tremendous damage too.
So Puerto Rico has tremendous problems with floods and with damage and collapse. I mean, we're still looking for people. We're still looking for people. But I’m going to be going there on Tuesday, and I may also stop at the Virgin Islands. The governor there has done a terrific job of -- I mean, he's been devastated, but he's done a terrific job. He's been very generous with what he said about the relief effort.
The FEMA folks have worked so hard. You know, we thought after Texas they could take a little bit of a rest -- FEMA. What they have done is incredible. So to go from Texas to Florida, they happened to stop at Louisiana in between, and now Puerto Rico gets hit. But they've been there and they've been doing a really good job.
So I'll be there on Tuesday, and perhaps some of you will be with me.
Q Is Puerto Rico getting all the help it needs from you, Mr. President?
THE PRESIDENT: Puerto Rico is very important to me, and Puerto Rico -- the people are fantastic people. I grew up in New York, so I know many people from Puerto Rico. I know many Puerto Ricans. And these are great people, and we have to help them. The island is devastated.
And some people say -- I read this morning -- it's literally destroyed. The infrastructure was in bad shape, as you know, in Puerto Rico, before the storm. And now, in many cases, it has no infrastructure. So you're really starting from almost scratch.
But these are great people -- wonderful people. They're hardy people. They'll be back. But we're helping them. I mean, I think we're really getting really good marks for the work we're doing. We are literally landing water, food, supplies on an hourly basis. And this is to an airport that has been devastated. We're not talking about runways that are open and, you know -- please land your plane right here. These are -- these runways are devastated and broken. The airports are broken.
So those people are very important to all of us. I think I can speak for everybody sitting around this table. So we're working very, very hard on Puerto Rico and we're also getting tremendous efforts and we're sending tremendous amounts of supplies to the Virgin Islands.
Thank you very much, everybody.
END 10:57 A.M. EDTOval Office
3:04 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you all. It's a great pleasure to be here with Secretary DeVos, Secretary Acosta, and Ivanka. I also want to express my appreciation to Representatives Bradley Byrne, Susan Brooks, Lamar Smith, and Virginia Foxx. Thank you all for being here. Thank you. Thank you very much for being with us. And Mimi Walters, thank you very much. Thank you, everybody. Thank you, Susan.
I want to just talk about leadership. It's the most important issue. We need leadership in this country -- women and girls and for every child in America, represented by all of the incredible students here today. These are great students. Are you all good students?
PARTICIPANTS: Yes!
THE PRESIDENT: Everybody has really terrific marks. Right?
Well, you're doing fantastically. That's why you're in -- I just said before the press came in: What's the name of this office?
PARTICIPANTS: The Oval Office.
THE PRESIDENT: Every one of them knew that. (Laughter.)
As you know, the workplace is changing. We need to create new pathways for all our citizens to get the best jobs. When you get out of school you want to get great jobs, right?
PARTICIPANTS: Yes!
THE PRESIDENT: I've asked Ivanka to lead up the White House efforts on workforce development, and the initiative today is a critical part of that endeavor.
Have you seen Ivanka? Do you know Ivanka?
PARTICIPANTS: Yes!
THE PRESIDENT: Where is Ivanka? There's Ivanka.
My administration will do everything possible to provide our children, especially kids in underserved areas, with access to high-quality education in science, technology, engineering, and math. Are you a good math student?
PARTICIPANT: Yes.
THE PRESIDENT: Are you? Let's see. What's your strength in school? Science?
PARTICIPANT: Yeah.
THE PRESIDENT: Good science, right?
What's your strength?
PARTICIPANT: (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thank you. (Laughter.)
In particular, computer science for grades K-12 -- that's so important now, right? It's a whole new world. You got to know how to use those computers. Currently, more than half of high schools do not offer computer programming, and nearly 40 percent do not offer physics.
Now, do you have computer programming in your schools? All of you?
PARTICIPANTS: Yes!
THE PRESIDENT: How about you? Do you them in your schools?
PARTICIPANTS: Yes!
THE PRESIDENT: You're all pretty good with the computers?
PARTICIPANTS: Yes!
THE PRESIDENT: That's important nowadays. Greater access to STEM and computer science programs will ensure that our children can develop the skills they need to compete and to win in the workforce of tomorrow.
Who likes to win?
PARTICIPANTS: I do.
THE PRESIDENT: Anybody like to lose? I don't think so. Oh, so a little wise guy back there. (Laughter.)
PARTICIPANTS: Better STEM education also means higher-paying jobs for American workers and families. You get out of school you get great -- really great jobs -- high-paying jobs. And we're doing very well with the employment rolls today. You get really good jobs. And we want our amazing young Americans to fill these jobs, earn a great living, lift up their communities, and achieve their American dreams.
The directives I am sharing today, with Secretary DeVos at the helm, to make STEM education, including computer science, a priority for the Department of Education. Is that right, Betsy?
SECRETARY DEVOS: Indeed it is.
THE PRESIDENT: That's going to be a big thing that you're doing.
SECRETARY DEVOS: Absolutely, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: And that's working out well?
SECRETARY DEVOS: Absolutely.
THE PRESIDENT: You're moving on it incredibly.
The department will explore ways to add or increase computer science to existing K-12 and post-secondary education programs. It also establishes a goal of devoting at least 200 -- listen to this number -- $200 million each year in grants toward funding this priority. So that's $200 million a year. Does that sound like big bucks?
PARTICIPANTS: Yes!
THE PRESIDENT: What do you guys think? It's peanuts, it's peanuts, right? (Laughter.) You're going to say, "give us more." Right? (Laughter.) You got to get more.
But now $200 million each year in grants, and that's toward funding this very, very important priority. So with today's action, we will help give our American children a pathway to success in the workforce of tomorrow.
Thank you, and God bless you all. And I really appreciate you being in the White House. And I know you're going to take a tour in a little while, but we start right here in the Oval Office. But it's an honor to have all of you, and someday you'll be great students and you'll be the leaders of the world -- the United States and the world. Right?
PARTICIPANTS: Yes!
THE PRESIDENT: Would any of our representatives -- maybe I'll start with Betsy. Would you like to say something? Betsy DeVos, everybody.
SECRETARY DEVOS: Mr. President, thank you for your support of STEM initiatives, and especially to the students who are here today. Thank you for your commitment to your own futures. And with this initiative, we hope and trust that you're going to have more opportunities to pursue the things that are most interesting to you and that will afford you the greatest opportunities for your future, and collectively for our future.
So thank you so much, Mr. President. And for all of the students: Good luck, and all the best in your studies.
PARTICIPANTS: Thank you!
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you, Betsy. And the Secretary has been working really hard to get this done. This is just one of many things, but you've been working really hard.
And, Alex, would you say a few things? Secretary Alex Acosta.
SECRETARY ACOSTA: Thank you, Mr. President. As the father of two young girls, I know firsthand how important it is to start early. And what's so exciting about this initiative, from my perspective, is all the young kids that are going to be exposed to computer science and to coding and to STEM because, if you start early, it's transformative, especially for young girls. I see that at home. It's so important.
I'm excited to see all of you here. So, you know, it's wonderful you're here. And, Mr. President, thank you for doing this for all of us.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much. Thank you, Alex. Great job.
Bradley?
REPRESENTATIVE BYRNE: Mr. President, I'm from Alabama. We started the Alabama Math/Science Technology Initiative almost 20 years ago, and we thought it was the thing of the future. Well, it's a thing of the present, and your signing this today means a lot to young people and educators all over America. Thank you for this.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you. And Alabama is a great state. We love Alabama.
Susan Brooks.
REPRESENTATIVE BROOKS: Thank you, Mr. President. Hello, kids. I'm from Indiana. I was at 4th grade class last week in Carmel, Indiana -- Mrs. McKay's (ph) class in Towne Meadow Elementary, and they're using computers all day long doing virtual field trips, learning instantly, and the teacher knows where their problems are right away.
And just so you know, the jobs of the future, we don't know even know what they all are. And so because of technology, because of this funding computer science in class, you're going to be ready. So thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, Susan. And these are all very powerful people that are speaking, just so you know. Okay?
Now Lamar Smith.
REPRESENTATIVE SMITH: Mr. President, thank you. I'm chairman of the science committee in the House, and I just want to thank the President for giving a priority to STEM education and to computer science in particular.
In the last Congress, I introduced a bill that became law to expand the definition of STEM to include computer science, and I'm especially grateful to the President for emphasizing that. And Mr. President, good to be here.
THE PRESIDENT: Excellent.
Virginia.
REPRESENTATIVE FOXX: Well, as chairwoman of the education workforce committee, Mr. Speaker -- Mr. President. (Laughter.)_
THE PRESIDENT: I'll take Speaker, too. (Laughter.) Get things done.
REPRESENTATIVE FOXX: We are so proud of you for doing this. We know we have 5.6 million jobs available right now to our workforce, and many of them are unfilled because our employees do not have the skills they need.
So it's wonderful to see us encouraging these young people to begin early to be involved in these subject matters. And we need to spread this idea throughout our culture for people of all ages, but we particularly, as others have said, want to get the young people engaged, involved, and excited about all of these subjects.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Mimi, where are you?
REPRESENTATIVE WALTERS: I'm right here, Mr. President. I'm Mimi Walters from California. I want to thank you very much for signing this legislation today.
I'm a mom of four kids, and STEM is very exciting. When I was in high school, computers were just getting into school. So we've come a long way, and it's very exciting to see so many young kids here that are interested in STEM. So thank you very much for signing this today.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, and you've done a great job, and we appreciate it. You've all done a great job, and it's something very special.
My daughter is here. Should we hear from Ivanka? What do you think? Yes? I think so, right?
Ivanka, go ahead.
MS. TRUMP: First of all, thank you all for being here. You are the future of innovators and entrepreneurs and engineers and programmers in this country. So it's so exciting to see your enthusiasm.
But today represents a giant leap forward as we think about aligning the skills that are taught in the classroom with the skills that are in demand in the modern economy. So we're very excited about today's announcement and towards really focusing on the goal of putting Americans to work and making sure that all Americans get great-paying jobs.
So thank you all for being here, and I look forward to watching you all go on to accomplish many amazing and extraordinary things.
THE PRESIDENT: Thanks, Ivanka. And education is just so important at every level, whether it's this or whatever you study.
And always remember this: Do what you love. Study what you love. You parents may want you to do something -- and you should always listen to your parents -- but try to focus on the things that you love, whether it's in studies or when you get out of school. Do what you love and you're going to be successful. Work hard, all of those things -- but you have to follow your heart to a certain extent and maybe even to a large extent.
So when you get out there, make sure that you're -- you know, it's very interesting. I say this a lot -- do what you love -- but then it's not work. Because if you love it, it's not working. It's like a pleasure. So always follow your hearts, and you're going to be tremendously successful people.
And you're going to remember this day because it's a special place. You're in a special place, and very few get to come and see this, but I wanted you to see it today. It is a very, very special area of the world. It all happens here. And you're here today, and it's my honor to have you.
So go out there, work really hard, and do really well. Okay? And I'll see you soon. We'll see you soon. (Applause.)
So we're going to sign. The question is, who gets the pen? Who's going to get this pen? I'll get you another one, okay? (Laughter.) You know, get me some additional pens, and while we're going to do this, we're going to give them out to the students. Because you'll be the ones signing this in the future for future generations. All right, so if you could get me some additional pens. Okay, we'll send them the good ones. (Laughter.) Not the bad ones, the good ones -- like this.
(The President signs the memorandum.)
So we're going to give this to a very special woman who has worked so hard on this, and I think that's -- are you ready for it?
REPRESENTATIVE FOXX: Yes, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, thank you.
REPRESENTATIVE FOXX: God bless you. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: I think we'll put her in charge of healthcare. I think we're going to put you in charge. (Laughter.) It'll get done, right? If we do the healthcare, it will get done.
Okay everybody. This is very important. Thank you all very much.
END 3:16 P.M. EDTLotte New York Palace Hotel
New York, New York
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. It’s a great honor and privilege -- because he’s become a friend of mine -- to introduce President Erdoğan of Turkey. He’s running a very difficult part of the world. He’s involved very, very strongly and, frankly, he’s getting very high marks. And he’s also been working with the United States.
We have a great friendship as countries. I think we’re, right now, as close as we have ever been. And a lot of that has to do with the personal relationship.
So, President, thank you very much. It’s a great honor to have you in the United States. Thank you.
PRESIDENT ERDOĞAN: (As interpreted.) Thank you so much, Mr. President. We are here in New York, in the United States, to attend the General Assembly of the United Nations. And my dear friend, Donald, we are getting together with you as the delegations, and we’re going to conduct a bilateral meeting as well, whereby we will be assessing the current relations between the United States and Turkey, as well as we will have the opportunity to discuss the recent regional developments as well.
And I would like to once again thank you for this opportunity, and it’s great to get together with you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much, Mr. President. We appreciate it. Thank you all very much.
Q Mr. President, what will your message be (inaudible) the violence against peaceful protestors?
Q Mr. President, are you going to reconcile with the Kurdish issue, do you think?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We'll be discussing many issues -- many issues.
END 3:15 P.M. EDTLotte New York Palace Hotel
New York, New York
1:34 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. It's wonderful to have Prime Minister Shinzo Abe -- doing a wonderful job, doing a great job for the people of Japan.
We have had numerous discussions already today, and this is a formalization of the discussions. We've made a lot of progress, both on trade and obviously, very importantly, we've discussed in great detail North Korea -- with also South Korea as you just saw.
So we will continue the dialogue. The relationship has never been closer, I believe, with Japan and the United States, and it will continue onward that way. I look forward to discussing some things that the group is here specifically to discuss. And we'll be reporting back to you later.
So thank you all very much. You heard about China; you heard what China was doing today, in terms of the banking system. That was a tremendous move, and we have great respect. And we also would like to thank President Xi of China. So that was a great thing he did today.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much for being here.
PRIME MINISTER ABE: (As interpreted.) At the outset of today's summit meeting, I'd like to express my heartfelt appreciation to Donald.
First of all, in your remarks to the U.N. General Assembly, you touched on Ms. Megumi Yokota, one of the Japanese abductees. For the parents of her, as well as the family members of those who have been abducted by North Korea, your message was very, very encouraging, and I do appreciate your message.
So for us, the key is to change the course of action, as well as policy of North Korea. And in that context, dialogue for the sake of dialogue would not produce anything.
The key at this moment is to exercise and apply pressure against North Korea in a robust manner. And together with Donald, we've been successfully demonstrating our strong will to exercise pressure against North Korea. And that actually led to the unification of the international community to address this challenge.
So I certainly look forward to making every effort with you, and also with other members of the international community, to achieve the denuclearization of North Korea.
So today, I very much look forward to deepening our discussion with a focus on the issue of North Korea and, also, other issues. And by doing that, I certainly hope to further solidify our alliance and partnership.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Thank you.
END 1:38 P.M. EDTLotte New York Palace Hotel
New York, New York
12:15 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Today I'm announcing a new executive order I just signed that significantly expands our authorities to target individuals, companies, financial institutions that finance and facilitate trade with North Korea.
As I outlined at my address to the United Nations General Assembly, North Korea's nuclear weapons and missile development is a grave threat to peace and security in our world. And it is unacceptable that others financially support this criminal, rogue regime.
The brutal North Korean regime does not respect its own citizens or the sovereignty of other nations. Our new executive order will cut off sources of revenue that fund North Korea's efforts to develop the deadliest weapons known to humankind.
The order enhances the Treasury Department's authorities to target any individual or entity that conducts significant trade in goods, services, or technology with North Korea. And I'm very proud to tell you that, as you may have just heard moments ago, China, their central bank has told their other banks -- that's a massive banking system -- to immediately stop doing business with North Korea. This just happened. It was just reported.
In addition to everything else, what we will do is identify new industries, including textiles, fishing, information technology, and manufacturing that the Treasury Department can target with strong sanctions. And Secretary Mnuchin is representing the Treasury Department; he's here today.
prevent sanctions evasion, the order also includes measures designed to disrupt critical North Korean shipping and trade networks. For much too long, North Korea has been allowed to abuse the international financial system to facilitate funding for its nuclear weapons and missile programs.
The United States has had representatives working on this problem for over 25 years; they have done nothing. That's why we're in the problem that we're in today, in addition to, frankly, other countries not doing what they should have done.
Tolerance for this disgraceful practice must end now. Our new order will give the Treasury Department the discretion to sanction any foreign bank that knowingly conducts or facilitates significant transactions tied to trade with North Korea. And again, I want to just say, and thank President Xi of China for the very bold move he made today. That was a somewhat unexpected move and we appreciate it.
New authority in this area applies to any activity that occurs following my signature on the executive order -- which I have actually just signed. Foreign banks will face a clear choice: Do business with the United States or facilitate trade with the lawless regime in North Korea -- and they won't have so much trade.
This new order provides us with powerful new tools, but I want to be clear the order targets only one country -- and that country is North Korea. The regime can no longer count on others to facilitate its trade and banking activities.
Many countries are working with us to increase economic and diplomatic pressure on North Korea. But I continue to call on all those responsible nations to enforce and implement U.N. sanctions and impose their own measures like the ones I am announcing today.
I must tell you that this is a complete denuclearization of North Korea that we seek. Cannot have this as a world body any longer. In just a few minutes, Prime Minister Abe, President Moon and I are going to discuss what more we can do working together. We're had a very, very close relationship. I think our nations have become closer because of this.
I know it's going to be a great meeting. Our alliance with South Korea and Japan has never been stronger than it is today. We share a commitment to creating a world where strong and independent nations honor their people, respect their sovereignty, respect the sovereignty also of other nations, and promote peace.
Thank you very much. And I'd like to ask, to start off, President Moon to say a few words, please.
PRESIDENT MOON: (As interpreted.) Quite recently we have seen the provocation coming from North Korea. And the Japanese people must have gone through the huge -- a big shock, and I really understand the big concerns -- the huge concerns that Japanese people may have because of these provocations. So I would like to express that I really feel compassion for the Japanese people in this regard.
The three leaders have met at the G20 Summit meeting in July in Germany, and we issued a joint statement. And through this joint statement, we also set a firm foundation for close coordination amongst the three countries based on which we are cooperating closely with the international community to impose the sanctions and the pressure on North Korea.
And that through the U.N. General Assembly, the three leaders have come together. We all have made speeches at the General Assembly, and also we met with leaders of the major countries at the bilateral, and we were able to enhance understanding about that the sanctions, and we were also able to urge to the international community about this situation. And I think this is a meaningful outcome that the three countries have made.
President Trump just talked about the executive order, through which the U.S. is going to be implementing sanctions against the DPRK. That was a very major announcement made by China to take actions on the DPRK. I am very confident that such moves will contribute to complete denuclearization of DPRK. In this, I’d like to extend my appreciation to President Trump, and I’d like to say that Korea will closely coordinate with the United States on this matter.
Through today’s meeting, I sincerely hope that there will be a display of strong trilateral leadership in coordinating our responses for the North Korean issue. And I also look forward to engaging in in-depth discussions for the solution to North Korean nuclear and missile problem.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you.
Prime Minister Abe.
PRIME MINISTER ABE: (As interpreted.) In the last three weeks, two times North Korea launched ballistic missiles -- two times -- going over Japan. And they conducted six nuclear tests, and the scale of the test was beyond the scale of Hiroshima bombs, more than 10 times the scale of the nuclear tests; it was ten times more. This is an intolerable, outrageous act.
Thanks to Donald’s leadership, we now have this summit meeting Japan, the U.S., and Korea. So our unity and solidarity -- the strength thereof that could be presented to North Korea -- this meeting is indeed quite significant. I’d like to thank Donald’s leadership.
Recently, U.N. sanctions was adopted unanimously, including a very strict sanctions. And I’d like to thank the efforts of the U.N. ambassadors from the United States. And further efforts are needed. And in this context, Donald just referred to signing of the executive order -- new executive order.
So we are going into the new stage of pressure from the viewpoint of exercising the stronger pressure, new pressures. I welcome the new sanction measures of the United States, and I’d like to offer my heartfelt support for that.
Bearing in mind those measures between the three countries, we will have the collaboration so that we will move toward the abandoning of nuclear weapons and nuclear program by North Korea, and we’d like to lead into the next action.
Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much, everybody. We’re also going to be discussing trade transactions and trade deals with Japan and with South Korea, and that will be very important. But this is something that obviously will take precedence.
So thank you all very much for being here. We appreciate it. We’ll see you later. Thank you.
Q Mr. President, is dialogue still possible with North Korea?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Why not?
END 12:27 P.M. EDTLotte New York Palace Hotel
New York, New York
11:32 A.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. It's a great privilege to be with President Moon of South Korea. As you probably know, we've had a few discussions over the last number of months, and I actually think we're making a lot of headway in a lot of different ways.
We are on a very friendly basis working on trade and working on trade agreements, and we'll see how that all comes out. But much more importantly, frankly, than trade is the other aspect of our relationship that we're working with -- and that has to do with North Korea.
So we are meeting on a constant basis. We'll be meeting in a little while, also, with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and that will be a tri-meeting. So we will see. But I think we're making a lot of progress in a lot of different ways. Stay tuned. Stay tuned.
Would you like to say something?
PRESIDENT MOON: (As interpreted.) Mr. President, I have met you several times, and I've also had many telephone conversations with you. And because of this, I am becoming more and more familiar with you.
Over the years, North Korea has continued to make provocations, and this is extremely deplorable and this has angered both me and our people. But the United States has responded firmly and in a very good way, and because of this I also believe that we have very close coordination between Korea and the United States. And because of this, I'm very satisfied.
Mr. President, in the U.N. General Assembly, you made a very strong speech, and I believe that the strength of your speech will also help to change North Korea.
Thank you very much.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much. And I'm very happy that you used to the word "deplorable." I was very interested in that word. (Laughter.) I didn’t tell them -- I promise I did not tell them to use that word. That's been a very lucky word for me and many millions of people. (Laughter.)
So because of the fact that our trade deal is so bad for the United States and so good for South Korea, I said we'll focus on the military. But actually, we're going to try and straighten out the trade deal and make it fair for everybody.
But our real focus will be on the military and our relationship with South Korea, which is excellent -- which is really excellent.
So we're going to start that process right now. Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody.
END 11:38 A.M. EDTLotte New York Palace Hotel
New York, New York
10:22 A.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. It's wonderful to have President Poroshenko with us. We spent some time recently in the White House, and I know you've made good progress since then -- a lot of progress, actually. And I wouldn't say it's the easiest place right now to live, but you're making it better and better on a daily basis. And I do hear very, very good things.
So Ukraine is coming along pretty well -- pretty well. And at the borders, maybe you'll tell them how you're doing.
Thank you. Thank you for being here.
PRESIDENT POROSHENKO: Thank you very much indeed, Mr. President. That's a real great honor for me to be here in the city which is so close to you. And I'm really happy to hear the words about the progress we both demonstrate after our last meeting.
But first of all, I want to respect the great sympathy and solidarity with the American people because of the consequences of the hurricanes, and my admire with your very strong leadership in this hard time.
And I really think that our cooperation, both in the security and defense sector, which is bringing already the first important results under your leadership, and the second, we seriously improved our economic cooperation.
I just mention one single figure: The turnover between the United States and Ukraine during the last seven months increased 2.5 times because of the implementation of our agreement. And this is, again, the symbol that we welcome in American companies in the Ukrainian market, and creating hundreds of thousands of jobs both in Ukraine and the U.S. And this is really a delivery from effective cooperation between our nations.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, that's right. That's a story that is pretty untold, but I think you'll see it more and more. But companies are going very strongly right now into the Ukraine. They see a tremendous potential there, so take good care of them. Okay? Take good care of them.
I do want to report that, with the hurricanes, we spoke with Greg Abbott, Governor of Texas, and I will tell you, Texas is doing really, really well. Those people are working hard and effectively, and you have a great governor. And Texas is really coming out of that horrible Hurricane Harvey really, really well.
Florida, very similar. Great governor, Rick Scott -- spoke with him. Florida was -- I mean, they were hit hard, they were hit hard. But they're doing very, very well. Ahead of schedule. The power is back on -- almost, for the most part, outside of the Keys where you have a devastation problem, but even there we're working very hard. But Florida is doing really well. So Texas, Florida, we give it an A-plus.
Puerto Rico was absolutely obliterated. Puerto Rico got hit with winds -- they say they've never seen winds like this anywhere. It got hit as a five -- Category 5 storm -- which just literally never happens.
So Puerto Rico is in very, very, very tough shape. Their electrical grid is destroyed. It wasn't in good shape to start off with, but their electrical grid is totally destroyed and so many other things. So we're starting the process now and we'll work with the governor and the people of Puerto Rico. But Puerto Rico is a whole different category in many ways -- in many ways.
But it is -- in fact, you just -- all you have to do is read or turn on the television and you'll see a place that was practically leveled. It's incredible, the power of that wind. That was a very unique -- not for many decades has a storm hit a piece of land like that.
So Puerto Rico will start the process. With -- we have actually Tom Bossert is with us in the other room. We're just talking about it. We're going to start it with great gusto, but it's in very, very, very perilous shape. Very sad what happened to Puerto Rico.
So that's just an update on the three primary areas. Virgin Islands are -- I don't even have to say; all you have to do is take a look at a picture. They are flattened. Areas around there have been flattened. So these were storms that they haven't seen in many years. It's very sad actually, to see it. But we will start the process. As we've proven, we have incredible teams.
has been beyond -- who would've thought after Texas, they go to Florida, then they go to Puerto Rico, and they go to other places too. Louisiana took a little bit of a hit and they recovered really well. They've done a fantastic job in Louisiana. Alabama took a hit but they recovered. Alabama has been fantastic. So many people went to Alabama during the storm -- during the Florida storm, and likewise Georgia.
So many places were so incredible in the way they've handled it. So we are going to start the process now with Puerto Rico. We'll have further updates on it, but it was one of the most serious storms anyone has ever seen.
Thank you all very much.
Q Mr. President will you visit Puerto Rico?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Yes, I will.
Q President Poroshenko, do you need more military aid from the United States? Do you need more military help from the United States?
PRESIDENT POROSHENKO: We have a brilliant operation with the United States and security and defense sector. Definitely, and we very much satisfied with that.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much, everybody.
END 10:28 A.M. EDTLotte New York Palace Hotel
New York, New York
9:35 A.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Good morning. It's a pleasure to have President Ghani of Afghanistan with us. We're working very well together. We're working very hard.
Our military is, as you know, over there right now and doing, really, an incredible job -- more of leadership than fighting. We're leading a lot of wonderful Afghan troops who are fighting very hard. We were just discussing that, and great progress is being made.
So it's an honor to have you and all of your representatives with us. Thank you very much.
PRESIDENT GHANI: Thank you, Mr. President.
Mr. President, first of all, I'd like to pay tribute to American soldiers, officers, and civilians, particularly those who paid the ultimate sacrifice. That sacrifice can now result in a stable Afghanistan.
I want to thank you on behalf of the people of Afghanistan, the government of Afghanistan for making a decision that is historic. You asked very fundamental questions. You made this decision on the basis of courage and determination. We salute your courage.
Since the decision, there's been an immense change on the ground. I've been to six of our seven army corps, and they all greet you, and the people of the United States, and the American soldiers and officers who fought shoulder-to-shoulder with them. It's a difference of day and night.
The cloud of uncertainty has been lifted, but equally important is your commitment to a political solution at the end of this process. What we want to assure the American people is that there's not going to be a combat role. You've made that crystal clear, and we are committed to make sure it's the Afghan people, the Afghan soldiers, the Afghan officers who will take the burden of responsibility.
The modest additional troops that have been sent are to enhance the assist, support, advice mission, and that is playing a very crucial role. Victory -- political and military-wise -- is within our sight.
And I'd like to thank you for the thoroughness of the review and especially for ordering that all instruments of American power -- military, diplomatic, and economic -- are brought together in a coherent plan of action to lift Afghanistan out of 40 years of crisis, and to make it a platform for stability and prosperity.
And because of this, we equally, Mr. President, understand and fully endorse the concept that you use. We do not ask for a blank check. We are determined to do what is ours -- fight corruption; ensure that there’s no waste of resources; full accountability for the results; and significant momentum so that the American people can know that, under your wise leadership, the results that were not within grasp will now be achieved.
Thank you, Mr. President.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you, Mr. President, also. And I think it’s important to understand that the Afghan soldiers are doing the fighting. We’re training and we’re working with them very closely, but it’s the Afghans that are doing the fighting.
I’ve also heard, not only this morning but over the last few weeks, that the spirit is tremendous over there of your Afghan forces and of the American forces. Rules of engagement are now different than they were, and we’re able to do the job. And I will say that the spirit -- and I’m hearing it from everybody -- everybody that goes over comes back and said, really, it’s like a different place. But the spirit is tremendous.
People don’t realize you had 20 terrorist groups in Afghanistan. This is where the World Trade Center people -- I’ll call them “people” -- were trained. This is what happened. But you had 20 groups -- more than anyplace else. It’s really a hornet’s nest from that standpoint. We are hitting them very, very hard and very, very effectively, and we really have no choice but to do it.
So I’m honored to have you, and I’m very, very happy with what I’ve heard and the reports that I’ve heard from our generals and our people. And I think we’re going to be very successful. We’re there for a number of reasons, but one of the reasons is to stop these terrorist organizations which, for whatever reason, seem to accumulate in Afghanistan more than anyplace else.
So we’re doing our job. I think we’re doing it very effectively. Tremendous esprit de corps. And we’ll see what happens, but I think it’s going to be good. Thank you all very much. Thank you.
Q Are you going to place more sanctions on North Korea?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Yes. We will be putting more sanctions on North Korea. Yes.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
END 9:40 A.M. EDTLotte New York Palace Hotel
New York, New York
4:35 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. It is a great honor to have with us today President Al Sisi of Egypt. We have worked long and hard, and we are making a lot of progress on a lot of different fronts, and we appreciate everything that you’ve done.
PRESIDENT AL SISI: Thank you very much.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: And I know you appreciate everything that we’ve done. (Laughter.) But the relationship is very good, and thank you very much for your representatives. The relationship really has been very, very good, and we look forward to continuing today and tomorrow.
PRESIDENT AL SISI: Thank you very much. (As interpreted.) I thank you, Your Excellency, as well, for making the time to meet. This is a very good chance that we are meeting once more, and I’d like to thank you and extend my appreciation for all the support you’re giving to Egypt.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Thank you very much, everybody.
Q Mr. President, will you restart aid to Egypt? Will you restart military aid to Egypt?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We’re going to certainly consider it.
Q Mr. President, is Graham-Cassidy going to pass?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I think it has a very good chance. Obamacare is a disaster. It’s failing badly. You look at the rates. You look at what’s happening with premiums for people. They can’t afford Obamacare. It’s been a catastrophic situation.
I believe that Graham-Cassidy really will do it the right way, and it is doing it the right way. It has tremendous support from Republicans. Certainly we’re at 47 or 48 already -- senators -- and a lot of others are looking at it very positively.
Mike Pence has been working on it -- our Vice President -- who has done such a great job on healthcare and knows healthcare so well -- loves it. I think he might want to even say a few words about it.
Mike.
VICE PRESIDENT PENCE: President Trump made a commitment to the American people that we would repeal and replace Obamacare, and we’re grateful to Senator Graham, Senator Cassidy, and others that are coming together to keep the promise to the American people.
As the President has said many times, Obamacare is collapsing. American families and American businesses are bearing the burden, and this President and our entire administration are absolutely committed to support Graham-Cassidy, move forward legislation that will give the American people a fresh start on healthcare reform, not with government mandates, but by repealing the mandates on businesses and individuals, and giving the resources to the states to create healthcare solutions that will work for each individual state.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: For seven years, I’ve been hearing “repeal and replace Obamacare.” For seven years, I’ve been hearing how bad Obamacare is, but really more in the last two to three years than anything.
But for seven years, I’ve been hearing “repeal and replace.” We’ve been hearing how bad it is. We’ve been looking at the premiums go up. We’ve been looking at deductibles that have been through the roof. You have states like Arizona where the premiums are going to be worse this year than last year, and last year they were at 100 percent increase, 116 percent.
I think there’s tremendous support for it. I think it’s actually much better than the previous shot, which was very sadly let down. But again, we’ve been hearing about repeal and replace for seven years. They have a chance.
I thought that when I won, I would go to the Oval Office, sit down at my desk, and there would be a healthcare bill on my desk, to be honest. And it hasn’t worked out that way. And I think a lot of Republicans are embarrassed by it, but I have to tell you, I think they’re going to do a great job. If this happens, it will be a great thing for the country. Obamacare is a disaster. It’s a wreck. It’s a train wreck, and it’s only getting worse.
And I must be honest with you, whether it happens or not, something is going to happen, and it’s going to be positive because, frankly, Obamacare cannot make it. It cannot make it. We think this has a very good chance, but Obamacare is only getting worse. It’s dysfunctional now. It’s totally dysfunctional. And at some point, the Senate is going to be forced to make a deal. They’re just about at that point right now because Obamacare is so bad.
So I do think it has a very good chance of passage, and I certainly hope it passes, and they’ll be voting in the not-too-distant future. Thank you very much. Thank you.
END 4:40 P.M. EDTLotte New York Palace Hotel
New York, New York
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. It's great to have Prime Minister May from the United Kingdom and her representatives, who are people we know very well through recent trade negotiations.
I have to say, we'll be doing a lot of trading with the United Kingdom, and we look forward to it. And we have gotten to know each other over the last period of a year, and it's a real honor to have you here.
Thank you very much.
PRIME MINISTER MAY: Well, thank you very much, Mr. President. It's good to be here. And as you say, we've had many discussions between our representatives and ourselves on a whole variety of issues, including trade, which will be important for us, but some other issues -- foreign policy issues, our security and defense relationship, which of course is the closest -- the U.K. and the U.S. is the closest we have. And it's great that that continues.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much for being here.
PRIME MINISTER MAY: Thank you.
END 3:31 P.M. EDTLotte New York Palace Hotel
New York, New York
1:31 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much, General. I appreciate it. And I'm greatly honored to host this lunch, to be joined by the leaders of Côte d’Ivoire, Ethiopia, Ghana, Guinea, Namibia, Nigeria, Senegal, Uganda, and South Africa. In particular, I want to thank President Condé, who is representing the African Union. Thank you. Thank you.
In this room, I see partners for promoting prosperity and peace on a range of economic, humanitarian, and security issues. We hope to extend our economic partnerships with countries who are committed to self-reliance and to fostering opportunities for job creation in both Africa and the United States.
Africa has tremendous business potential. I have so many friends going to your countries, trying to get rich. I congratulate you. They're spending a lot of money. But it does -- it has a tremendous business potential and representing huge amounts of different markets. And for American firms it's really become a place that they have to go -- that they want to go.
of the world’s ten fastest-growing economies are in Africa. Increasing American trade and investment across diverse industries -- including agriculture, energy, transportation, healthcare, travel, and tourism -- will further transform lives throughout the continent. Secretary Tillerson and the U.S. Millennium Challenge Corporation are already considering an investment worth hundreds of millions of dollars in Côte d’Ivoire, which has made impressive economic reforms. Really, you've done a tremendous job.
We also hope that African firms -- like the company Sasol --consider making investments in the United States. Sasol, as an example, is building a $9 billion petrochemical plant in Louisiana, which will bring new jobs to the state and, really, hardworking Americans will be manning those jobs.
we cannot have prosperity if we're not healthy. We will continue our partnership on critical health initiatives. Uganda has made incredible strides in the battle against HIV/AIDS. In Guinea and Nigeria, you fought a horrifying Ebola outbreak. Namibia’s health system is increasingly self-sufficient. My Secretary of Health and Human Services will be traveling to Africa to promote our Global Health Security Agenda.
Yet, we know that our prosperity depends, above all, on peace. The United States will partner with the countries and organizations, like the African Union, that lead successful efforts to end violence, to prevent the spread of terrorism, and to respond to humanitarian crises. I commend your troops currently serving in the field. Very brave. Very, very brave what they’re going through.
you well know, too many people are suffering from conflict in Africa. In the Central African Republic, the Congo, Libya, Mali, Somalia, and South Sudan, among others, they’re going through some very, very tough and very dangerous times. Terrorist groups, such as ISIS, al-Shabaab, Boko Haram, and al Qaeda also threaten African peace. The United States is proud to work with you to eradicate terrorist safe havens, to cut off their finances, and to discredit their depraved ideology. And a number of you have told me -- actually, last night -- that we’ve been doing a very good job over the last six or seven months in particular.
We're closely monitoring and deeply disturbed by the ongoing violence in South Sudan and in the Congo. Millions of lives are at risk, and we continue to provide humanitarian assistance. But real results in halting this catastrophe will require an African-led peace process and a sincere -- really sincere commitment of all parties involved. And I know you’re working on that, and you’re working on that very hard. To assist in these efforts, I'm sending Ambassador Nikki Haley to Africa to discuss avenues of conflict and resolution and, most importantly, prevention.
I want to discuss our partnership against a global challenge. Today, the world faces an enormous security threat from North Korean regime. We must all stand together and be accountable in implementing United Nations sanctions and resolutions in response to North Korea’s hostile and menacing actions.
We believe that a free, independent, and democratic nation, in all cases, is the best vehicle for human happiness and success. Thank you for joining me for this critical discussion of the challenges and the opportunities facing our nations.
Africa, I have to say, is a continent of tremendous, tremendous potential. The outlook is bright. I look forward to hearing from you and your advice during the meal. I thought rather than just eating, we’ll have long discussions -- and I look forward to that very much. But I also look forward to getting to know so many of you, and so many of you I do know. And it’s an honor. It’s an honor.
And I really want to congratulate you -- growing very fast economically and in every other way. You’ve done a terrific job, you’ve had some tremendous obstacles placed in your path, but you have done, really, an absolutely incredible job.
So I want to thank you, and I look forward to our discussion. Thank you.
Thank you all very much. (Applause.)
END 1:36 P.M. EDTLotte New York Palace Hotel
New York, New York
10:32 A.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. It's a great honor to have President Abbas from the Palestinian Authority with us and his representatives, who have been working very hard with everybody involved toward peace. I mean, we're looking seriously at peace, and maybe, ultimately, peace in the whole of the Middle East. And I think we have a pretty good shot -- maybe the best shot ever -- and that's what we're looking to do.
And I just want to thank you for all of the time, all of the meetings, all of the work. It's a complex subject; always been considered the toughest deal of all. Peace between Israel and the Palestinians -- the toughest of all.
But I think we have a very, very good chance, and I certainly will devote everything within my heart and within my soul to get that deal made. Our team is expert; your team is expert. Israel is working very hard toward the same goal, and I must tell you, Saudi Arabia and many of the different nations are working also hard.
So we'll see if we can put it together. Who knows? Stranger things have happened. But I think we have a good chance, and it's a great honor to have you with us.
Thank you very much.
PRESIDENT ABBAS: (As interpreted.) I'm very delighted to be here with President Trump, and I thank you very heartfeltly for allowing us this opportunity to meet with you for the first time this year.
And if this is any proof to anything, it means -- it attests to the seriousness of Your Excellency, Mr. President, to achieve the deal of the century in the Middle East during this year or in the coming months, God willing.
And we are very certain that you, Mr. President, are determined to reach real peace in the Middle East. And this gives us the assurance and the confidence that we are on the verge of real peace between the Palestinians and the Israelis.
And I would not be giving away any secrets if I say we have met with your brave and active delegation more than 20 times since your ascension to power in the White House. And if this is any indication to anything, it indicates how serious you are about peace in the Middle East.
And I'm very thankful for these efforts, and you will find utmost seriousness on our part to achieve peace, because peace serves our interests and the interests of the Israeli people.
And allow me, Mr. President, to use this opportunity to extend my heartfelt congratulations to the Jewish people on the occasion of Rosh Hashanah today, and to the Muslim people on the occasion of the new Islamic year tomorrow. And this is a very sweet coincidence that we can celebrate the new year together within a 24-hour period, and if this is an indication to anything it means that we can coexist peacefully together.
Once again, Mr. President, we count on you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much. That's very nice of you. A very great sentiment, frankly. And I have to say, from the time I'm a little boy, I've been hearing about peace in the Middle East. And for so many years I've been hearing about peace between Israel and the Palestinians. And we're at a very important juncture -- there's a small period of time -- and we're going to see what we can do. There can be no promises, obviously. So many people have talked about it, and it's never happened.
But we're fighting very hard. We are trying very hard. We're all getting along together well. We'll see if we can do it. And if we do do it, it would be a great, great legacy for everybody -- for everybody.
So let's see what happens. Good luck, everybody. Good luck. And you have millions of people rooting for you, that I can say.
Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody.
Q Mr. President, have you decided what to do about the Iran Deal? Have you already made up your mind?
Q Is there any decision on Iran?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I have decided.
Q You have?
Q You have decided?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I have decided.
Q Will you remain in the deal, Mr. President?
Q Have you decided to stay or to leave?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I have decided.
Q When will we know?
Q When's your decision?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I'll let you know. I'll let you know.
END 10:38 A.M. EDTLotte New York Palace Hotel
New York, New York
9:38 A.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much. It's a great honor to be with the King of Jordan, who has been our partner and ally for a long time. And I think never has the relationship been better than it is right now.
And we're working together on many problems, and some things that aren't problems that are very, very good. But we're going to make some of the bad ones turn out good.
I just want to thank you for everything you've done, in terms of the refugees and taking care of people that -- who knows what would have happened without you. So I want to thank you and I want to thank everybody involved with you, and you have done an amazing job.
Thank you.
KING ABDULLAH: Mr. President, thank you very much for having us here. And again, we've met several times this year, and I think that just shows the special relationship between our two countries and how closely we work together.
And I'm very grateful for your support to our country in these difficult times and the special bond between our two nations.
But I'd also like to extend our condolences on the victims of the hurricanes, but also how you, the government, the people, the first responders reacted to this crisis. I mean, for us sitting on the outside, looking at how the Americans came together at a difficult time, is really an example to everybody else. And we're very, very grateful for that.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much.
KING ABDULLAH: And everything that we're doing to try and solve our problems.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We have a big one going right now -- I've never seen winds like this -- in Puerto Rico. You take a look at what's happening there, and it's just one after another. But I think we are doing a good job.
I have to say this about the King: He is a very fine gentleman, a very nice man. He's also a great, great fighter. Some people have to understand that, right?
KING ABDULLAH: Well, sir, we're all fighting together. We have --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We're all fighting together.
KING ABDULLAH: Terrorism is a scourge around the world, but I think Jordan will always stand beside you and your country. And we will overcome.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Good. Thank you so much. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.
END 9:40 A.M. EDTLotte New York Palace Hotel
New York, New York
4:06 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much. It's my great honor to be with the Emir of Qatar. And we've been friends a long time; people don't realize that. We know each other for a long time.
And we are right now in a situation where we’re trying to solve a problem in the Middle East, and I think we'll get it solved. I have a very strong feeling that it will be solved pretty quickly.
But we're talking, also, trade and many other things. And we've had a tremendous relationship for the last short period of time, especially since our meeting in Saudi Arabia, which I think was an epic and very important -- really a very historic meeting. And now we want to make the most of it by getting things settled. But we also want to continue trade and many other things.
So we look forward to our meetings and our individual meetings, and -- for many years to come.
EMIR AL THANI: Thank you very much. Well, Mr. President, thank you very much for seeing me. I'm very happy to be with you here.
And as you mentioned, the relationship between the United States of America and Qatar is a very strong relationship, a historic relationship. And since we met in Riyadh, which was, as you said, a very, very important meeting, and we signed those agreements -- we were the first country to respond to this agreement, and we signed this MOU of counterterrorism.
So we really appreciate this relationship, Mr. President. We have a lot to talk about -- trade, military cooperation, security cooperation.
So thank you very much. And as you said, Mr. President, we have a problem with our neighbors, and your interference will help a lot. And I'm sure that, with your interference, hopefully we can find a solution for this problem. We've always said that we're very open for dialogue, and we'll always be open for dialogue.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We will get it solved. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you. Thank you.
END
4:08 P.M. EDTUnited Nations
New York, New York
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much, Mr. Secretary General. I have to say that, as someone born in New York and raised in New York, it is a great honor to have the United Nations in New York, and always has been.
For years I've been a critic, but I've also been somebody that said that the United Nations has tremendous potential. And under your leadership -- and I've seen what you've done and working with Nikki Haley and all of her friends. She's made so many friends here, and Rex Tillerson, likewise, has become, really a fixture here. We're working very hard to solve world problems.
But there is no better forum; there can be no better forum. And certainly there can be no better location where everybody comes together. So, I want to congratulate you -- the word is “potential.” The potential of the United States, in terms of what it has done has been wonderful. But we can do better, and we're going to.
The potential of the United Nations is unlimited, and I really believe -- I've met your representatives, and I know you well. You are going to do things that will be epic, and I certainly hope you will. But I feel very, very confident.
So I just want to toast everybody in the room. And let's give this, as a toast, to the potential -- the great, great potential of the United Nations. Thank you all for being here. Thank you very much.
(A toast is offered.)
END
1:34 P.M. EDTUnited Nations
New York, New York
10:04 A.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Mr. Secretary General, Mr. President, world leaders, and distinguished delegates: Welcome to New York. It is a profound honor to stand here in my home city, as a representative of the American people, to address the people of the world.
As millions of our citizens continue to suffer the effects of the devastating hurricanes that have struck our country, I want to begin by expressing my appreciation to every leader in this room who has offered assistance and aid. The American people are strong and resilient, and they will emerge from these hardships more determined than ever before.
Fortunately, the United States has done very well since Election Day last November 8th. The stock market is at an all-time high -- a record. Unemployment is at its lowest level in 16 years, and because of our regulatory and other reforms, we have more people working in the United States today than ever before. Companies are moving back, creating job growth the likes of which our country has not seen in a very long time. And it has just been announced that we will be spending almost $700 billion on our military and defense.
Our military will soon be the strongest it has ever been. For more than 70 years, in times of war and peace, the leaders of nations, movements, and religions have stood before this assembly. Like them, I intend to address some of the very serious threats before us today but also the enormous potential waiting to be unleashed.
We live in a time of extraordinary opportunity. Breakthroughs in science, technology, and medicine are curing illnesses and solving problems that prior generations thought impossible to solve.
But each day also brings news of growing dangers that threaten everything we cherish and value. Terrorists and extremists have gathered strength and spread to every region of the planet. Rogue regimes represented in this body not only support terrorists but threaten other nations and their own people with the most destructive weapons known to humanity.
Authority and authoritarian powers seek to collapse the values, the systems, and alliances that prevented conflict and tilted the world toward freedom since World War II.
International criminal networks traffic drugs, weapons, people; force dislocation and mass migration; threaten our borders; and new forms of aggression exploit technology to menace our citizens.
To put it simply, we meet at a time of both of immense promise and great peril. It is entirely up to us whether we lift the world to new heights, or let it fall into a valley of disrepair.
We have it in our power, should we so choose, to lift millions from poverty, to help our citizens realize their dreams, and to ensure that new generations of children are raised free from violence, hatred, and fear.
This institution was founded in the aftermath of two world wars to help shape this better future. It was based on the vision that diverse nations could cooperate to protect their sovereignty, preserve their security, and promote their prosperity.
It was in the same period, exactly 70 years ago, that the United States developed the Marshall Plan to help restore Europe. Those three beautiful pillars -- they’re pillars of peace, sovereignty, security, and prosperity.
The Marshall Plan was built on the noble idea that the whole world is safer when nations are strong, independent, and free. As President Truman said in his message to Congress at that time, “Our support of European recovery is in full accord with our support of the United Nations. The success of the United Nations depends upon the independent strength of its members.”
To overcome the perils of the present and to achieve the promise of the future, we must begin with the wisdom of the past. Our success depends on a coalition of strong and independent nations that embrace their sovereignty to promote security, prosperity, and peace for themselves and for the world.
We do not expect diverse countries to share the same cultures, traditions, or even systems of government. But we do expect all nations to uphold these two core sovereign duties: to respect the interests of their own people and the rights of every other sovereign nation. This is the beautiful vision of this institution, and this is foundation for cooperation and success.
Strong, sovereign nations let diverse countries with different values, different cultures, and different dreams not just coexist, but work side by side on the basis of mutual respect.
Strong, sovereign nations let their people take ownership of the future and control their own destiny. And strong, sovereign nations allow individuals to flourish in the fullness of the life intended by God.
In America, we do not seek to impose our way of life on anyone, but rather to let it shine as an example for everyone to watch. This week gives our country a special reason to take pride in that example. We are celebrating the 230th anniversary of our beloved Constitution -- the oldest constitution still in use in the world today.
This timeless document has been the foundation of peace, prosperity, and freedom for the Americans and for countless millions around the globe whose own countries have found inspiration in its respect for human nature, human dignity, and the rule of law.
The greatest in the United States Constitution is its first three beautiful words. They are: “We the people.”
Generations of Americans have sacrificed to maintain the promise of those words, the promise of our country, and of our great history. In America, the people govern, the people rule, and the people are sovereign. I was elected not to take power, but to give power to the American people, where it belongs.
In foreign affairs, we are renewing this founding principle of sovereignty. Our government's first duty is to its people, to our citizens -- to serve their needs, to ensure their safety, to preserve their rights, and to defend their values.
As President of the United States, I will always put America first, just like you, as the leaders of your countries will always, and should always, put your countries first. (Applause.)
All responsible leaders have an obligation to serve their own citizens, and the nation-state remains the best vehicle for elevating the human condition.
But making a better life for our people also requires us to work together in close harmony and unity to create a more safe and peaceful future for all people.
The United States will forever be a great friend to the world, and especially to its allies. But we can no longer be taken advantage of, or enter into a one-sided deal where the United States gets nothing in return. As long as I hold this office, I will defend America’s interests above all else.
But in fulfilling our obligations to our own nations, we also realize that it’s in everyone’s interest to seek a future where all nations can be sovereign, prosperous, and secure.
America does more than speak for the values expressed in the United Nations Charter. Our citizens have paid the ultimate price to defend our freedom and the freedom of many nations represented in this great hall. America's devotion is measured on the battlefields where our young men and women have fought and sacrificed alongside of our allies, from the beaches of Europe to the deserts of the Middle East to the jungles of Asia.
It is an eternal credit to the American character that even after we and our allies emerged victorious from the bloodiest war in history, we did not seek territorial expansion, or attempt to oppose and impose our way of life on others. Instead, we helped build institutions such as this one to defend the sovereignty, security, and prosperity for all.
For the diverse nations of the world, this is our hope. We want harmony and friendship, not conflict and strife. We are guided by outcomes, not ideology. We have a policy of principled realism, rooted in shared goals, interests, and values.
That realism forces us to confront a question facing every leader and nation in this room. It is a question we cannot escape or avoid. We will slide down the path of complacency, numb to the challenges, threats, and even wars that we face. Or do we have enough strength and pride to confront those dangers today, so that our citizens can enjoy peace and prosperity tomorrow?
If we desire to lift up our citizens, if we aspire to the approval of history, then we must fulfill our sovereign duties to the people we faithfully represent. We must protect our nations, their interests, and their futures. We must reject threats to sovereignty, from the Ukraine to the South China Sea. We must uphold respect for law, respect for borders, and respect for culture, and the peaceful engagement these allow. And just as the founders of this body intended, we must work together and confront together those who threaten us with chaos, turmoil, and terror.
The scourge of our planet today is a small group of rogue regimes that violate every principle on which the United Nations is based. They respect neither their own citizens nor the sovereign rights of their countries.
If the righteous many do not confront the wicked few, then evil will triumph. When decent people and nations become bystanders to history, the forces of destruction only gather power and strength.
No one has shown more contempt for other nations and for the wellbeing of their own people than the depraved regime in North Korea. It is responsible for the starvation deaths of millions of North Koreans, and for the imprisonment, torture, killing, and oppression of countless more.
We were all witness to the regime's deadly abuse when an innocent American college student, Otto Warmbier, was returned to America only to die a few days later. We saw it in the assassination of the dictator's brother using banned nerve agents in an international airport. We know it kidnapped a sweet 13-year-old Japanese girl from a beach in her own country to enslave her as a language tutor for North Korea's spies.
If this is not twisted enough, now North Korea's reckless pursuit of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles threatens the entire world with unthinkable loss of human life.
It is an outrage that some nations would not only trade with such a regime, but would arm, supply, and financially support a country that imperils the world with nuclear conflict. No nation on earth has an interest in seeing this band of criminals arm itself with nuclear weapons and missiles.
The United States has great strength and patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but to totally destroy North Korea. Rocket Man is on a suicide mission for himself and for his regime. The United States is ready, willing and able, but hopefully this will not be necessary. That’s what the United Nations is all about; that’s what the United Nations is for. Let’s see how they do.
It is time for North Korea to realize that the denuclearization is its only acceptable future. The United Nations Security Council recently held two unanimous 15-0 votes adopting hard-hitting resolutions against North Korea, and I want to thank China and Russia for joining the vote to impose sanctions, along with all of the other members of the Security Council. Thank you to all involved.
But we must do much more. It is time for all nations to work together to isolate the Kim regime until it ceases its hostile behavior.
We face this decision not only in North Korea. It is far past time for the nations of the world to confront another reckless regime -- one that speaks openly of mass murder, vowing death to America, destruction to Israel, and ruin for many leaders and nations in this room.
The Iranian government masks a corrupt dictatorship behind the false guise of a democracy. It has turned a wealthy country with a rich history and culture into an economically depleted rogue state whose chief exports are violence, bloodshed, and chaos. The longest-suffering victims of Iran's leaders are, in fact, its own people.
Rather than use its resources to improve Iranian lives, its oil profits go to fund Hezbollah and other terrorists that kill innocent Muslims and attack their peaceful Arab and Israeli neighbors. This wealth, which rightly belongs to Iran's people, also goes to shore up Bashar al-Assad's dictatorship, fuel Yemen's civil war, and undermine peace throughout the entire Middle East.
We cannot let a murderous regime continue these destabilizing activities while building dangerous missiles, and we cannot abide by an agreement if it provides cover for the eventual construction of a nuclear program. (Applause.) The Iran Deal was one of the worst and most one-sided transactions the United States has ever entered into. Frankly, that deal is an embarrassment to the United States, and I don’t think you’ve heard the last of it -- believe me.
It is time for the entire world to join us in demanding that Iran's government end its pursuit of death and destruction. It is time for the regime to free all Americans and citizens of other nations that they have unjustly detained. And above all, Iran's government must stop supporting terrorists, begin serving its own people, and respect the sovereign rights of its neighbors.
The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change, and, other than the vast military power of the United States, that Iran's people are what their leaders fear the most. This is what causes the regime to restrict Internet access, tear down satellite dishes, shoot unarmed student protestors, and imprison political reformers.
Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever, and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice. Will they continue down the path of poverty, bloodshed, and terror? Or will the Iranian people return to the nation's proud roots as a center of civilization, culture, and wealth where their people can be happy and prosperous once again?
The Iranian regime's support for terror is in stark contrast to the recent commitments of many of its neighbors to fight terrorism and halt its financing.
In Saudi Arabia early last year, I was greatly honored to address the leaders of more than 50 Arab and Muslim nations. We agreed that all responsible nations must work together to confront terrorists and the Islamist extremism that inspires them.
We will stop radical Islamic terrorism because we cannot allow it to tear up our nation, and indeed to tear up the entire world.
We must deny the terrorists safe haven, transit, funding, and any form of support for their vile and sinister ideology. We must drive them out of our nations. It is time to expose and hold responsible those countries who support and finance terror groups like al Qaeda, Hezbollah, the Taliban and others that slaughter innocent people.
The United States and our allies are working together throughout the Middle East to crush the loser terrorists and stop the reemergence of safe havens they use to launch attacks on all of our people.
Last month, I announced a new strategy for victory in the fight against this evil in Afghanistan. From now on, our security interests will dictate the length and scope of military operations, not arbitrary benchmarks and timetables set up by politicians.
I have also totally changed the rules of engagement in our fight against the Taliban and other terrorist groups. In Syria and Iraq, we have made big gains toward lasting defeat of ISIS. In fact, our country has achieved more against ISIS in the last eight months than it has in many, many years combined.
We seek the de-escalation of the Syrian conflict, and a political solution that honors the will of the Syrian people. The actions of the criminal regime of Bashar al-Assad, including the use of chemical weapons against his own citizens -- even innocent children -- shock the conscience of every decent person. No society can be safe if banned chemical weapons are allowed to spread. That is why the United States carried out a missile strike on the airbase that launched the attack.
We appreciate the efforts of United Nations agencies that are providing vital humanitarian assistance in areas liberated from ISIS, and we especially thank Jordan, Turkey and Lebanon for their role in hosting refugees from the Syrian conflict.
The United States is a compassionate nation and has spent billions and billions of dollars in helping to support this effort. We seek an approach to refugee resettlement that is designed to help these horribly treated people, and which enables their eventual return to their home countries, to be part of the rebuilding process.
For the cost of resettling one refugee in the United States, we can assist more than 10 in their home region. Out of the goodness of our hearts, we offer financial assistance to hosting countries in the region, and we support recent agreements of the G20 nations that will seek to host refugees as close to their home countries as possible. This is the safe, responsible, and humanitarian approach.
For decades, the United States has dealt with migration challenges here in the Western Hemisphere. We have learned that, over the long term, uncontrolled migration is deeply unfair to both the sending and the receiving countries.
For the sending countries, it reduces domestic pressure to pursue needed political and economic reform, and drains them of the human capital necessary to motivate and implement those reforms.
For the receiving countries, the substantial costs of uncontrolled migration are borne overwhelmingly by low-income citizens whose concerns are often ignored by both media and government.
I want to salute the work of the United Nations in seeking to address the problems that cause people to flee from their homes. The United Nations and African Union led peacekeeping missions to have invaluable contributions in stabilizing conflicts in Africa. The United States continues to lead the world in humanitarian assistance, including famine prevention and relief in South Sudan, Somalia, and northern Nigeria and Yemen.
We have invested in better health and opportunity all over the world through programs like PEPFAR, which funds AIDS relief; the President's Malaria Initiative; the Global Health Security Agenda; the Global Fund to End Modern Slavery; and the Women Entrepreneurs Finance Initiative, part of our commitment to empowering women all across the globe.
We also thank -- (applause) -- we also thank the Secretary General for recognizing that the United Nations must reform if it is to be an effective partner in confronting threats to sovereignty, security, and prosperity. Too often the focus of this organization has not been on results, but on bureaucracy and process.
In some cases, states that seek to subvert this institution's noble aims have hijacked the very systems that are supposed to advance them. For example, it is a massive source of embarrassment to the United Nations that some governments with egregious human rights records sit on the U.N. Human Rights Council.
The United States is one out of 193 countries in the United Nations, and yet we pay 22 percent of the entire budget and more. In fact, we pay far more than anybody realizes. The United States bears an unfair cost burden, but, to be fair, if it could actually accomplish all of its stated goals, especially the goal of peace, this investment would easily be well worth it.
Major portions of the world are in conflict and some, in fact, are going to hell. But the powerful people in this room, under the guidance and auspices of the United Nations, can solve many of these vicious and complex problems.
The American people hope that one day soon the United Nations can be a much more accountable and effective advocate for human dignity and freedom around the world. In the meantime, we believe that no nation should have to bear a disproportionate share of the burden, militarily or financially. Nations of the world must take a greater role in promoting secure and prosperous societies in their own regions.
That is why in the Western Hemisphere, the United States has stood against the corrupt and destabilizing regime in Cuba and embraced the enduring dream of the Cuban people to live in freedom. My administration recently announced that we will not lift sanctions on the Cuban government until it makes fundamental reforms.
We have also imposed tough, calibrated sanctions on the socialist Maduro regime in Venezuela, which has brought a once thriving nation to the brink of total collapse.
The socialist dictatorship of Nicolas Maduro has inflicted terrible pain and suffering on the good people of that country. This corrupt regime destroyed a prosperous nation by imposing a failed ideology that has produced poverty and misery everywhere it has been tried. To make matters worse, Maduro has defied his own people, stealing power from their elected representatives to preserve his disastrous rule.
The Venezuelan people are starving and their country is collapsing. Their democratic institutions are being destroyed. This situation is completely unacceptable and we cannot stand by and watch.
As a responsible neighbor and friend, we and all others have a goal. That goal is to help them regain their freedom, recover their country, and restore their democracy. I would like to thank leaders in this room for condemning the regime and providing vital support to the Venezuelan people.
The United States has taken important steps to hold the regime accountable. We are prepared to take further action if the government of Venezuela persists on its path to impose authoritarian rule on the Venezuelan people.
We are fortunate to have incredibly strong and healthy trade relationships with many of the Latin American countries gathered here today. Our economic bond forms a critical foundation for advancing peace and prosperity for all of our people and all of our neighbors.
I ask every country represented here today to be prepared to do more to address this very real crisis. We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela. (Applause.)
The problem in Venezuela is not that socialism has been poorly implemented, but that socialism has been faithfully implemented. (Applause.) From the Soviet Union to Cuba to Venezuela, wherever true socialism or communism has been adopted, it has delivered anguish and devastation and failure. Those who preach the tenets of these discredited ideologies only contribute to the continued suffering of the people who live under these cruel systems.
America stands with every person living under a brutal regime. Our respect for sovereignty is also a call for action. All people deserve a government that cares for their safety, their interests, and their wellbeing, including their prosperity.
In America, we seek stronger ties of business and trade with all nations of good will, but this trade must be fair and it must be reciprocal.
For too long, the American people were told that mammoth multinational trade deals, unaccountable international tribunals, and powerful global bureaucracies were the best way to promote their success. But as those promises flowed, millions of jobs vanished and thousands of factories disappeared. Others gamed the system and broke the rules. And our great middle class, once the bedrock of American prosperity, was forgotten and left behind, but they are forgotten no more and they will never be forgotten again.
While America will pursue cooperation and commerce with other nations, we are renewing our commitment to the first duty of every government: the duty of our citizens. This bond is the source of America's strength and that of every responsible nation represented here today.
If this organization is to have any hope of successfully confronting the challenges before us, it will depend, as President Truman said some 70 years ago, on the "independent strength of its members." If we are to embrace the opportunities of the future and overcome the present dangers together, there can be no substitute for strong, sovereign, and independent nations -- nations that are rooted in their histories and invested in their destinies; nations that seek allies to befriend, not enemies to conquer; and most important of all, nations that are home to patriots, to men and women who are willing to sacrifice for their countries, their fellow citizens, and for all that is best in the human spirit.
In remembering the great victory that led to this body's founding, we must never forget that those heroes who fought against evil also fought for the nations that they loved.
Patriotism led the Poles to die to save Poland, the French to fight for a free France, and the Brits to stand strong for Britain.
Today, if we do not invest ourselves, our hearts, and our minds in our nations, if we will not build strong families, safe communities, and healthy societies for ourselves, no one can do it for us.
We cannot wait for someone else, for faraway countries or far-off bureaucrats -- we can't do it. We must solve our problems, to build our prosperity, to secure our futures, or we will be vulnerable to decay, domination, and defeat.
The true question for the United Nations today, for people all over the world who hope for better lives for themselves and their children, is a basic one: Are we still patriots? Do we love our nations enough to protect their sovereignty and to take ownership of their futures? Do we revere them enough to defend their interests, preserve their cultures, and ensure a peaceful world for their citizens?
One of the greatest American patriots, John Adams, wrote that the American Revolution was "effected before the war commenced. The Revolution was in the minds and hearts of the people."
That was the moment when America awoke, when we looked around and understood that we were a nation. We realized who we were, what we valued, and what we would give our lives to defend. From its very first moments, the American story is the story of what is possible when people take ownership of their future.
The United States of America has been among the greatest forces for good in the history of the world, and the greatest defenders of sovereignty, security, and prosperity for all.
Now we are calling for a great reawakening of nations, for the revival of their spirits, their pride, their people, and their patriotism.
History is asking us whether we are up to the task. Our answer will be a renewal of will, a rediscovery of resolve, and a rebirth of devotion. We need to defeat the enemies of humanity and unlock the potential of life itself.
Our hope is a word and -- world of proud, independent nations that embrace their duties, seek friendship, respect others, and make common cause in the greatest shared interest of all: a future of dignity and peace for the people of this wonderful Earth.
This is the true vision of the United Nations, the ancient wish of every people, and the deepest yearning that lives inside every sacred soul.
So let this be our mission, and let this be our message to the world: We will fight together, sacrifice together, and stand together for peace, for freedom, for justice, for family, for humanity, and for the almighty God who made us all.
Thank you. God bless you. God bless the nations of the world. And God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
END
10:46 A.M. EDTLotte New York Palace Hotel
New York, New York
6:48 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much, everyone. It's a great honor.
I had a long conversation with President Xi of China this morning. We discussed some of the obvious things, and we discussed trade, and we also discussed a place called North Korea. It was a long call. It was a very good call. We have a very, very fine relationship, and let's see what happens. I think we're making great progress.
And we are going to be going to China during the month of November. You probably have it in your schedules, and I look very much forward to that.
And I'm thrilled to host this important dinner with leaders of some of the greatest allies in the Western Hemisphere, and that is so true.
We're here to discuss the growing crisis in Venezuela. The socialist dictatorship of Nicolás Maduro has inflicted terrible misery and suffering on the good people of that country. His corrupt regime destroyed a thriving nation by imposing a failed ideology that has produced poverty and despair everywhere it has been tried.
To make matters worse, Maduro has defied his own people, stealing power from their elected representatives to preserve his disastrous rule. The Venezuelan people are starving, and their country is collapsing. It was one of the wealthiest countries in the world for a long period of time. And now the people are starving and the country is collapsing. Who would think that's possible?
Their democratic institutions are being destroyed. The situation is completely unacceptable. As responsible neighbors and friends of the Venezuelan people, our goal must be to help them regain their freedom, recover their country, and restore their democracy.
I'd like to thank the leaders in this room. We have some great leaders in this room, and I want to thank them for condemning the regime and providing the vital support to the Venezuelan people. Most of the media, the press, a lot of other leaders have no idea the tremendous job that the people, without exception, in this room are doing as leaders of their country in helping the people of Venezuela.
And I can tell you, we really appreciate it. And the world really appreciates it. So thank you all very much. We appreciate that so much.
The United States has taken important steps to hold the regime accountable. We are prepared to take further action if the government of Venezuela persists on the path to imposing authoritarian rule on the Venezuelan people.
We're fortunate to have incredibly strong and healthy trade relationships with all of the countries gathered here today. They're doing very well with the United States. We want to try and change that a little bit so we can turn the tables just a little bit. You're doing very well, and I congratulate you all.
Nikki knows exactly what I'm saying, and Rex knows exactly what I'm saying. But we have great relationships, and we do great trade. Our economic bonds form a critical foundation for advancing peace and prosperity for all of our people and all of our neighbors.
I ask every country represented here to be prepared to do more to address this unbelievably serious crisis. We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela, and we want it to happen very, very soon.
So again, I'd like to thank everybody. We look forward to having dinner with you, and we will talk individually about what ideas you may have concerning Venezuela and other situations that we're also dealing on, including trade.
Mr. Vice President, thank you very much for being here. Would you like to say a word, Mike?
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Mr. President. It was my great honor to represent you and the United States in a trip through Latin America, and it is good to see many of the leaders that extended their hospitality to the United States.
And I echo your strong affirmation of the partnerships that are represented at this table -- partnerships for prosperity, partnerships for security, and we look forward to continuing to work with all the leaders at this table to promote the mutual prosperity of all of our nations throughout this hemisphere. And it's an honor to be here, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, Mike. And Rex, would you like to say something? Secretary of State.
SECRETARY TILLERSON: Mr. President, let me just add, first, my welcome to all of you to the dinner as well with the President. And these are all very important countries to the United States’ relationship in the Western Hemisphere economically, but also from a security standpoint. We have many, many shared issues to fight against crime, fight against corruption, narcotics trade, and all of you are very important in the cooperation that we receive in working together toward these shared goals.
So, very pleased to be with all of you tonight.
THE PRESIDENT: And Nikki Haley, thank you so much for the job you've done over the last long time to just put it together. We had incredible meetings today with France and with Israel. The two leaders -- and they're great leaders, and we covered a lot of territory. And we have a lot of agreement, I can tell you that.
So we've done a lot, and we're going to be doing a lot more, I understand, for the next four days. So, Nikki, would you say a few words?
AMBASSADOR HALEY: We just want to welcome everyone to New York. I can tell you that in the United Nations, really, your ambassadors are great friends. And we have started to work really closely together because your region matters, and the partnerships and the friendships need to be solid so we don't wait until crisis hits, but that we are already partnering in every way that we can.
So thank you for taking the time to be here, and enjoy New York.
THE PRESIDENT: Well thank you, Nikki, and thank you, Rex, and thank you, Mike. And we appreciate your being here. Thank you all very much. Appreciate it. Thank you.
END
6:54 P.M. EDTLotte New York Palace Hotel
New York, New York
3:16 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much, everybody. It's a great honor to be with President Macron of France, who's had one of the great election victories of all time, I will tell you. That was an exciting evening. (Laughter.) And I must say that I watched every moment of it. It was a very, very exciting time.
He's doing a terrific job in France. He's doing what has to be done. He's respected by the French people, and I can tell you he's respected by the people of the United States.
So we have a lot of things to talk about. We’ll be discussing many different elements. I'm not sure we should discuss all of it with the media -- (laughter) -- but they'll probably know before we know.
So I just want to thank you all for being here. I want to thank your representatives for being here, many of whom I know already. And we will have very productive meetings. France is a great country, it's a beautiful country. I won't soon forget our dinner on top of the Eiffel Tower where we really got to know each other and our families. And thank you very much.
PRESIDENT MACRON: Thank you, Donald. Thank you, everybody. I will say a few words. I totally concur with Donald on what did you state, so I will just say a few words in French for the French people here.
(President Macron speaks French.) (No English interpretation provided.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much, Emmanuel. And I do want to say that I was your guest at Bastille Day, and it was one of the greatest parades I've ever seen. It was two hours on the button, and it was military might, and I think a tremendous thing for France and for the spirit of France.
And people don't know what great warriors they are in France, but when you see that and you see all the victories, it was a tremendous thing. And to a large extent, because of what I witnessed, we may do something like that on July 4th in Washington, down Pennsylvania Avenue. (Laughter.) I don't know. We're going to have to try and top it. But we had a lot of planes going over and we had a lot of military might, and it was really a beautiful thing to see. They had representatives from different wars and different uniforms. It was really so well done.
But I came back, and one of my early calls were, I think we're going to have to start looking at that ourselves. So we're actually thinking about 4th of July, Pennsylvania Avenue, having a really great parade to show our military strength.
You know, we're spending this year $700 billion -- more than we've ever spent on the military -- which is a good thing for you because we're friends. Okay? And I think we're looking forward to doing that. I'm speaking with General Kelly and with all of the people involved, and we'll see if we can do it this year. But we certainly will be beginning to do that.
So I appreciate it. And again, most importantly, I appreciate you being here. Thank you, Emmanuel.
PRESIDENT MACRON: Thank you. And I have to say just for the American people, that our people in France were very proud to have you and your wife, Melania, in Paris the 14th of July, for Bastille Day. And people were very proud to have you in front of them and participating to this ceremony and this parade.
Thanks very much for your presence.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I was proud to be there. And also, when Emmanuel called me, he said, it's the 100th year in terms of timing of the first world war. One hundred years. And I said, well, that's a very important period. So we went and really -- I was very proud to say that we’re very, very, very good friends with France. That was a beautiful day. And thank you very much. Thank you.
Thank you, everybody.
END
3:21 P.M. EDTLotte New York Palace Hotel
New York, New York
2:02 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much. It's great to have Prime Minister Netanyahu with us today, a friend of mine for many years. And it's a real honor, I have to say.
We're going to be discussing many things; among them, peace between the Palestinians and Israel -- it will be a fantastic achievement. We are giving it an absolute go. I think there's a good chance that it could happen. Most people would say there's no chance whatsoever.
I actually think with the capability of Bibi and, frankly, the other side, I really think we have a chance. I think Israel would like to see it, and I think the Palestinians would like to see it. And I can tell you that the Trump administration would like to see it.
So we're working very hard on it. We'll see what happens. Historically, people say it can't happen. I say it can happen.
But I just want to say, Mr. Prime Minister, it's an honor to have you. Thank you.
PRIME MINISTER NETANYAHU: Great to see you. Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much.
PRIME MINISTER NETANYAHU: Mr. President, it's great to see you again. I want to say that under your leadership, the alliance between America and Israel has never been stronger, never been deeper. I can say this in ways that people see and in ways that they don't see. So I want to thank you for that.
Equally, I look forward to discussing with you how we can address together what you rightly call is the terrible nuclear deal with Iran and how to roll back Iran's growing aggression in the region, especially in Syria.
As you said, we will discuss the way we can seize the opportunity for peace between Israel and the Palestinians and between Israel and the Arab World. I think these things go together, and we look forward to talking about how we can advance both.
Finally, we're going to be speaking tomorrow at the U.N., and I want to say that under President Trump, America's position towards Israel at the U.N. has been unequivocal, it's been strong, it's got both clarity and conviction. And I want to thank you on behalf of the people of Israel and Israel's many friends around the world. Thank you, Mr. President.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much.
PRIME MINISTER NETANYAHU: And also, as you well know, this is the Jewish New Year, this week. So I want to wish you, the Jewish community of America, Jews everywhere, people everywhere, Shanah Tovah -- happy, healthy new year.
Thank you, Mr. President.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Q Mr. President, do you plan to stay in the Iranian nuclear deal?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: You'll see very soon. You'll be seeing very soon.
Q (Inaudible.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We're talking about it constantly. Constantly. We're talking about plans constantly.
Q Two-state solution?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We'll see.
END
2:05 P.M. EDTThe United Nations
New York City, New York
10:00 A.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much. (Applause.) Thank you.
I actually saw great potential right across the street, to be honest with you, and it was only for the reason that the United Nations was here that that turned out to be such a successful project.
So I want to thank you, Ambassador Haley, for your introduction and for your steadfast advocacy for American interests on the world stage.
On behalf of the co-host countries, I would like to also thank Secretary General Guterres for -- and you have been fantastic -- for joining us, and we affirm our commitment to the United Nations reform. And reform is what we're talking about.
I applaud the Secretary General for laying out a vision to reform the United Nations so that it better serves the people we all represent. We support your efforts to look across the entire system and to find ways the United Nations can better, and be better at development, management, peace, and security.
The United Nations was founded on truly noble goals. These include affirming the dignity and worth of the human person and striving for international peace. The United Nations has helped advance toward these goals in so many ways: feeding the hungry, providing disaster relief, and empowering women and girls in many societies all across the world.
Yet in recent years, the United Nations has not reached its full potential because of bureaucracy and mismanagement. While the United Nations on a regular budget has increased by 140 percent, and its staff has more than doubled since 2000, we are not seeing the results in line with this investment. But I know that under the Secretary General, that's changing and it’s changing fast. And we've seen it.
That's why we commend the Secretary General and his call for the United Nations to focus more on people and less on bureaucracy. We seek a United Nations that regains the trust of the people around the world. In order to achieve this, the United Nations must hold every level of management accountable, protect whistle-blowers and focus on results rather than on process.
To honor the people of our nations, we must ensure that no one and no member state shoulders a disproportionate share of the burden, and that's militarily or financially. We also ask that every peacekeeping mission have clearly defined goals and metrics for evaluating success. They deserve to see the value in the United Nations, and it is our job to show it to them.
We encourage the Secretary General to fully use his authority to cut through the bureaucracy, reform outdated systems, and make firm decisions to advance the U.N.’s core mission. Further, we encourage all member states to look at ways to take bold stands at the United Nations with an eye toward changing business as usual and not being beholden to ways of the past which were not working.
Mr. Secretary General, the United States and the member states present today support this great reform vision. We pledge to be partners in your work, and I am confident that if we work together and champion truly bold reforms, the United Nations will emerge as a stronger, more effective, more just, and greater force for peace and harmony in the world.
Thank you, Mr. Secretary General. And I look forward to advancing these shared goals in the years to come, and it is a great honor to be with you today.
Thank you. (Applause.)
END
10:04 A.M. EDTJoint Base Andrews
Camp Springs, Maryland
4:00 P.M. EDT
MRS. TRUMP: Good afternoon. I want to thank the brave men and women who wear the noble uniform of the U.S. Air Force for having us here today.
I had the privilege to visit with some of your wonderful children at the youth center here on base. I enjoy our time together, getting to know them, and want to thank everyone who helped make this visit possible.
Every child whose parent serves in our great military should be enormously proud because your mom or dad is a true American hero. In the wake of two devastating hurricanes, the world has witnessed your courage and compassion, and you have made every American proud.
Americans have trust in the United States Air Force because we know you will never quit, you will never yield, and you will never fail. We know that we are free because you are brave.
I know I speak on behalf of myself and my husband when I tell you we are grateful for your service. I also want to take a moment to recognize the families of those who serve. You endure the time apart, are expected to move when new orders come in, and face the uncertainty that came in the times of need. This kind of lifestyle requires its own kind of courage, and your sacrifices do not go unnoticed or unappreciated. Thank you.
Please know that our gratitude is boundless and goes out to each and every one of you with unconditional appreciation. This administration will always stand with the men and women of the United States Air Force. And know now it’s my great pleasure to introduce my husband, the President of the United States, Donald Trump. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. At ease, at ease. Please sit down.
Thank you, Melania, for that wonderful introduction and for being such an incredible emissary for the American people. She’s become very, very popular -- tell you that. Very proud of her. Thank you.
Secretary Wilson, General Goldfein, Chief Wright, General Jacobson, Colonel Teichert, I’m honored to join you on this really, really historic occasion, the 70th Anniversary of the United States Air Force, the greatest air force on the face of this Earth -- by far. (Applause.)
Before we begin, I want to say that our hearts and prayers go out the people of London who suffered a vicious terrorist attack today. I spoke with a wonderful woman, British Prime Minister Theresa May, this morning and relayed America’s deepest sympathy, as well as our absolute commitment to eradicating the terrorists from our planet. Radical Islamic terrorism -- it will be eradicated. Believe me. (Applause.)
America and our allies will never be intimidated. We will defend our people, our nations, and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life. This includes the regime of North Korea, which has once again shown its utter contempt for its neighbors and for the entire world community.
After seeing your capabilities and commitment here today, I am more confident than ever that our options in addressing this threat are both effective and overwhelming.
Our thoughts also remain with those recovering in the wake of Hurricanes Irma and Harvey. I visited Florida yesterday, where the American people have once again shown the world how resilient, strong, and truly united we are. We're going to help our fellow Americans put their lives, their homes, and their communities back together because when Americans are in need, Americans pull together.
And we know we can always count on the courageous members of our nation’s military to be there every step of the way, just like more than 400 Air Force medical personnel who have deployed to Florida to help care for the sick and the injured. To the men and women who proudly wear the Air Force uniform, who keep our country safe, and who fill our hearts with pride, thank you for your service and devotion to America. Thank you. (Applause.)
I am truly thrilled to join you today at this really incredible milestone -- 70 years since the founding of the United States Air Force. Congratulations. (Applause.)
We're celebrating 70 years of history, 70 years of heroes, and 70 years of victory. I also want to thank all of the amazing family members and loved ones whose sacrifices make your service possible. We love you, we appreciate you and everything you do. Thank you. (Applause.)
For seven decades the United States Air Force has pushed the boundaries of science and technology, helped restore peace and stability to troubled lands, and kept Americans safe from those who threaten our very way of life.
Nothing inspires more confidence in our friends or strikes more fear in the hearts of our enemies than the sight of American warplanes on the horizon. You patrol the sky, protect the homeland, and deliver American justice to anyone who dares to threaten our people.
From the earliest wooden biplanes, to the high-tech UAVs, to the awesome power and stunning beauty of the F-35, B-2, F-22, -- and I saw a lot of them today -- the F-15, the F-16, the F-18, I don't know which one I liked the most.
But our aviators have given America total dominance of the air and space, no matter where we fly. Now when our enemies hear the F-35 engines, when they're roaring overhead, their souls will tremble and they will know the day of reckoning has arrived.
That is the way it's been since 1947, when the Air Force was born during a time of monumental change and uncertainty in the world. Unconditional victory in World War II had come at a terrible price. Millions of lives had been lost, empires had collapsed, and much of Europe laid in ruin.
The threat of global communism emerged from the void left by defeated foes. And the free nations of the world, once again, looked to the United States to secure the peace. It was at this crucial moment that America established the Air Force as a separate military service and a truly great military service.
And from that moment, America has dominated both air and space like no other nation in history. Our air superiority is unquestioned -- not merely because we have the best equipment, but because we have the best people by far. (Applause.)
From the Berlin Airlift, through the gantlet of MiG Ally, to the skies of above the jungles of Southeast Asia, and the deserts of the Middle East, American airmen have proven that they have no equal in courage, capability, or commitment.
You are the ones who own the sky. You are our greatest weapon of all. In the last 64 years, American ground forces have not lost a single life to an enemy air strike -- pretty amazing -- and that is truly a testament to the strategy and skill of American airmen and the essential role you play in our national defense.
As Commander-in-Chief, I am committed to keeping the United States military the best trained, best equipped, and most technologically advanced fighting force on the planet.
One of my first acts as President was to direct the rebuilding of our armed forces and rebuilding we are. (Applause.)
Congress took an important step this year by heeding my call for a $20 billion increase in defense spending, and we're going to be doing even much more than that. But the servicemen and women who defend our nation with their lives deserve the predictable and consistent funding that will help them win quickly and win decisively. (Applause.)
And I will tell you that the new equipment that we're ordering by the billions -- by the absolute billions and billions -- it’s equipment like you've never even thought of before. There is nobody in the world that will have anything even close to us and what we're doing, and that's my great honor. Believe me. I said it early on and I say it again, there is nobody even close. (Applause.)
Our armed forces have endured continuous combat for the past 26 years, yet despite this, the number of airmen on active duty has dropped by one-third since the 1990s, and we've cut more than half of our fighter squadrons. Terrible. That is why I’m calling on Congress to end the defense sequester once and for all and to give our military the tools, training, equipment and resources that our brave men and women in uniform so richly deserve. And that is happening. (Applause.)
Each of you is fulfilling your duty to America, and now government must fulfill its duty to you. And to you, right? To you, right? (Laughter and applause.)
We will stop delaying needed investments in our readiness, and we will renew our commitment to the patriots who keep America safe.
In so doing, we will continue the proud legacy of service that each of you has inherited, a legacy built over the generations by legends like Yeager, Wagner, Rickenbacker, Boyd, Grissom, and Schriever -- the heroes who broke barrier after barrier to push America farther. And they really did. They broke so many different barriers -- they went farther, faster, and they always went on to victory.
Like them, each of you is a living, breathing symbol of our great country, the United States of America. The characteristics that define the Air Force aviator -- boldness and bravery, action and instinct, power and grace -- are woven deep into the American spirit and have defined our people since our nation was founded.
The legendary Air Force General Robin Olds immortalized those attributes when he said: “Fighter pilot is an attitude. It’s cockiness. It’s aggressiveness.” It’s self-cockiness, and you know that. “It is confidence. It is a streak of rebelliousness.” Is that true? I don't know. (Laughter and applause.)
And I just met a lot of these folks. They're better looking than Tom Cruise, and we know they can fight better, and we know they can fly better. They better be able to. (Applause.)
Great people. They're truly, truly competitive. But there’s something else -- there’s a spark. There's a desire to be good, to do well in the eyes of their peers.
That desire to do good, to soar past every challenger, to overcome every obstacle, and to win for your fellow citizens and the land that we love is the same desire that beats in the heart of every red-blooded American patriot.
We are, and forever will be, a nation of pioneers and patriots, risk-takers and renegades, aviators and astronauts. We crave adventure and achievement, exploration and enlightenment. We carved out a home in the New World, gave birth to the modern world, and we will shape tomorrow’s world with the strength and skill of American hands. Because for America, the sky is never the limit. (Applause.)
That is why the United States Air Force will remain the most awe-inspiring flying force ever known to man. Like every part of our military, the Air Force is born from the will of our people -- to search, to explore, to reach new heights. It is the people’s will that you reflect and their power that you project to every single corner of the globe.
Earlier this year I had the honor of speaking with a great Army Air Corps and Air Force legend, Lieutenant Colonel Dick Cole, the last surviving Doolittle Raider, and a true American hero.
Like those who serve today, Dick Cole was a common American who answered to the call of duty with uncommon devotion. His place in the pages of history might have seemed unlikely prior to that fateful mission. He had never seen the ocean before boarding a ship that would take him halfway around the world. Neither he, nor anyone else, had ever flown a B-2 [B-25] into combat from the deck of an aircraft carrier. Nor had we ever seen anybody to use a parachute before bailing out thousands of feet above the Chinese mainland.
But he knew what his country needed, and what his duty required. And there was no barrier that could stop Colonel Cole and his fellow Raiders from accomplishing their mission.
It is that spirit of daring, devotion, and duty, and love of our country that has defined the Air Force for the past 70 years and will lift each of you to new heights every day from this day forward.
There is no distance too far, no speed too fast, no challenge too great, and no height too high that will keep the United States Air Force -- or the American people -- from total victory.
The American people are eternally grateful. We will stand with you always. And never forget: I am always on your wing.
Happy 70th birthday to the United States Air Force. Happy birthday to everybody. We are so proud of you. Congratulations to each and every one of you. And thank you for keeping America proud, strong, safe, and free.
Thank you. May God bless the armed forces and may God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Congratulations. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
4:20 P.M. EDTMR. KUSHNER: Welcome, everybody, and thank you for joining us here today. This is the most special time of the year for the Jewish people. This Wednesday evening begins Rosh Hashanah, the first of 10 days of repentance, that concludes with Yom Kippur, the Day of Atonement.
Since January 20, I have had the great honor of serving in President Trump's administration. Anyone that knows the President understands that he takes great pride in having a Jewish daughter and Jewish grandchildren. His love and respect for the Jewish people extends way beyond his family, and into the heart of Jewish American communities.
Under the President’s leadership, America's relationship with the State of Israel has never been stronger, and our country’s commitment to Israel’s security has never been greater.
It is my great honor to introduce the 45th President of the United States, Donald Trump.
THE PRESIDENT: Good morning, and thank you for joining this call.
To the many leaders, Rabbis, and Jewish friends who are on the line, I am delighted to speak with you and to wish you Shana Tova, a sweet New Year.
I send the Jewish community my warmest wishes as we approach the High Holy Days.
The Jewish tradition of making time and taking time each year to rededicate your lives to the sacred values you hold dear not only improves yourselves but strengthens our nation and inspires us all.
As we mark the beginning of the year 5,778 in the Jewish calendar, I want to express my deep admiration for the Jewish people. Throughout the centuries, the Jewish people have endured unthinkable persecution.
I know with us today on the call are several Holocaust survivors. We are honored beyond words by your presence. You have borne witness to evil beyond human comprehension, and your perseverance is a lasting inspiration to us all. By telling your stories, you help us to confront evil in our world and we are forever grateful.
I am proud to stand with the Jewish people and with our cherished friend and ally, the State of Israel. The Jewish State is a symbol of resilience in the face of oppression -- it has persevered in the face of hostility, championed democracy in the face of violence, and succeeded in the face of very, very tall odds. The United States will always support Israel not only because of the vital security partnership between our two nations, but because of the shared values between our two peoples. And I can tell you on a personal basis, and I just left Israel recently, I love Israel.
That is why my administration has successfully pressured the United Nations to withdraw the unfair and biased report against Israel -- that was a horrible thing that they did -- and to instead focus on real threats to our security, such as Iran, Hezbollah, and ISIS.
This next New Year also offers a new opportunity to seek peace between the Israelis and Palestinians, and I am very hopeful that we will see significant progress before the end of the year. Ambassador David Friedman, Jared, Jason, and the rest of my team are working very hard to achieve a peace agreement. I think it’s something that actually could happen.
I am grateful for the history, culture, and values the Jewish people have given to civilization. We forcefully condemn those who seek to incite anti-Semitism, or to spread any form of slander and hate -- and I will ensure we protect Jewish communities, and all communities, that face threats to their safety.
I want to thank each of you for the ways in which you contribute to our nation. America is stronger because of the many Jewish Americans who bring such life, hope, and resilience to our nation.
Melania and I wish everyone a sweet, healthy, and peaceful New Year. Thank you very much.
ENDTranscript:
My fellow Americans,
I would like to begin by continuing to send our prayers to all of those affected by Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. From Texas to Louisiana to Florida, Alabama, South Carolina, the Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico, we are coordinating closely with local authorities to help everyone impacted by these catastrophic storms. When Americans are in need, America pulls together. And we will not rest until everyone is safe, sound, and secure. We will be there tomorrow and the day after, as we work to respond, recover, and rebuild.
When Americans are united, no force on earth can break us apart.
This week, the United States celebrates the 230th Anniversary of the signing of our remarkable Constitution.
The fifty-five Delegates to the Grand Convention in Philadelphia met from May to September of 1787. They gave us an incredible gift: a vision of the sovereign and self-governing people to control their own affairs. And they gave us a Constitutional system that protected our liberties by enshrining the Rule of Law.
Patriots like Washington, Madison, Hamilton, Franklin, and so many others had already achieved immortality through their victory in the Revolution. But soon after, these extraordinary leaders faced another task unlike any other—the task of building a brand new nation. So they designed a system of government, rooted in common laws, history, and traditions that would secure the liberty, equality, and rights they had fought for and fought to defend in the American Revolution.
The Framers of our Constitution triumphantly declared to whom the government of the United States belonged: it was “WE THE PEOPLE.” These three beautiful words are among the most important ideas in our nation’s history: the idea that government’s power is vested in the nation’s citizens – the people to whom we owe our ultimate and sacred allegiance. Our soldiers fight and die to protect our citizens, and our government is forever duty bound to safeguard their sovereignty and their freedom.
For 230 years, we have governed ourselves and planned our own destiny, guarded all the way by the Constitution of the United States.
On this Sunday, Constitution Day, let us recommit ourselves to our Founding Principles, and rededicate ourselves to our glorious heritage. We have inherited a birthright of freedom – we must defend it dearly, protect it jealously, and promote it proudly, as one nation under God. We must rise to the task of self-governance, prove worthy of the sacrifices made to carve out this magnificent nation, and we must give our loyalty to our Republic and its citizens in all that we do.
So let us pledge allegiance to our flag, devote our hearts to our country, and demonstrate our love for one another—as Americans, as Patriots, and as the children of God.
Thank you.Q Mr. President, any reaction to London, the terror attacks?
MR. PRESIDENT: No, it's a terrible thing -- just keeps going and going. And we have to be very smart, and we have to be very, very tough, which perhaps we're not nearly tough enough.
But that is just an absolutely terrible thing. In fact, I'm going to call the Prime Minister right now.
Q Have you been briefed on the London bomb attack?
THE PRESIDENT: Yes, I have -- on numerous things happening, including North Korea. So I've been briefed, and I'm going to get right now for the briefing. And I’m going to see Frank inside here.
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: We have to be tougher. We have to be smarter. Thank you.
END7:53 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much, everybody. Please, sit down. Enjoy your evening. It's a very special evening.
And I want to thank Melania for working with her friends in the room to make this so very, very unique and, again, very, very special.
This is a house like no other. It's a house that encumbers so many different titles, from beauty to warmth to power, sometimes to coldness -- I've heard that. (Laughter.) But it's an amazing, incredible place.
And to have the White House Historical Association and all of our board members and everybody involved, and to raise all of the money that we've raised tonight, we just want to thank you very much.
We just got back from Florida. It's been a rough time for Florida. But the first responders and the Coast Guard, and to all of the people -- FEMA -- all of the people that worked so hard have done an A-plus job.
You know, we had -- as you know very well, some of you are from Texas and some of you are from Florida. And you both got hit. In Texas you got hit with the largest amount of water anybody has ever seen. I guess the largest ever recorded. And in Florida you got hit with the strongest winds ever recorded. It actually hit the Keys with a -- it was a Category 5. I never even knew a Category 5 existed. And they suffered greatly.
But in both bases, and in other cases such as Alabama, Louisiana, and plenty of others -- Puerto Rico; the Virgin Islands was hit brutally, brutally. It got hit dead center with a strong five. And it's almost not standing, but the people are standing. And some incredible things have happened.
But I just want to turn it over to Melania. This is, again, a place that I've grown to love and respect. You go to the Oval Office, and I've had the biggest men -- we have some of the biggest businesspeople, men and women. I must say, some of the women are bigger than the men -- (laughter) -- but I won't say it too loudly. I'm actually impressed with some of the women far more than some of the men, but that's okay.
But I've had the biggest men and women from business and other fields come into the Oval Office. And they have magnificent offices, they have beautiful offices on the best -- 5th Avenue and Park Avenue, the best locations. Most beautiful places you've ever seen. And they walk into that Oval Office and they think that there's nothing like it -- and there really is nothing like it.
So even Phil Ruffin and Richard LeFrak, and where's my Howard? Howard and -- there he is. And you're looking good, Howard. You had a rough bout, and now you're a thousand percent. So it's good to have you back with us. But we have so many friends.
And again, thank you very much. Thank you for all you do. And I'm going to just turn this over to the star of the Trump family. She's become the big -- they love her out there, I'll tell you. I was -- we walked all over Florida, we walked all over Texas, and they're loving Melania. And she just enjoys helping out with what she's doing and working with you folks.
So thank you all very much. Fantastic honor. (Applause.)
END
7:57 P.M. EDTHangar Bay 3, Southwest Florida International Airport
Fort Myers, Florida
11:04 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Well I just want to thank everybody. I came down to see FEMA, to see the Coast Guard, to see the Army, the Marines, everybody, the Navy. The job that everybody has done is incredible.
And I know you're also in the process, but to think of the incredible power of that storm. And while people unfortunately passed, it was such a small number that nobody would have -- people thought thousands and thousands of people may have their lives ended. And the number is a very small number which is a great tribute to you.
Also with the fact that I know in the case of FEMA and the case of Coast Guard, the job you've done in saving people, saving lives. As an example, in Harvey in Texas, we talked -- over 16,000 lives. Nobody would even understand that, it's on you -- even imagine -- and down here the same thing.
So I want to thank everybody. You guys have been -- I don't want to see you next week in another disaster. (Laughter.) We've seen you enough.
But I just want to thank everybody, the first responders, on behalf of myself, our Vice President. Melania really wanted to be with us, she's really -- it has really touched her heart what's gone on.
And we've seen the devastation. We're going to see some more of it now unfortunately, and I have to say that your Governor -- where is our Governor here? Rick Scott. (Applause.) The job he has done is incredible, and I guess I've been very lucky because you know you have a great Governor in Texas, you have a great Governor in Florida. The job that Rick has done is being talked about all over.
And to think that -- and I must say, Florida Power & Light -- where's Eric? Eric. Where's Eric? Eric, great job. (Applause.) I will say they're way ahead of schedule. There are more electrical people in this state, I think, than ever accumulated anywhere in the world is what I read before. It's from all over the country they came and I've never seen -- you've never seen anything --
AUDIENCE MEMBER: No, we haven't.
THE PRESIDENT: Mobilized all over. I see Pam Bondi, who has done such an incredible job stopping certain little problems before they start and actually getting some of the companies to put up a lot of money. So the Attorney General, I want to thank you, Pam. Fantastic job. (Applause.)
Elaine -- where's Elaine Duke? Elaine Duke and -- where's our Brock? Don't lose him, okay, Elaine. (Laughter.) I have to say that Brock, working with your Governor, working with Pam, working with Elaine, working, by the way, with Marco Rubio, who is around here somewhere. (Applause.)
It's a team like very few people have seen, and I want to thank everybody. Marco, I want to thank you a lot, you were really helpful. And I just -- again I have to say that, what do I know? But I hope this man right here, Rick Scott, runs for the Senate. I don't know what he's going to do. (Laughter) But I know that at a certain point it ends for you, and we can't let it end. So I hope he runs for Senate. (Applause.)
Again, I came down to say hello to you folks and to say hello to you folks. And the First Lady and myself, this is an honor for us to be here. We're now going to tour some of the areas.
And, as Rick said, we have been very, very fast, and we had to be. We were signing papers as the storm was coming in, and that's never happened before. But Rick, thank you very much, really great job. And Brock, everybody, thank you very much. You have a great -- Rick Perry here. (Applause.)
We have Linda McMahon, we have so many people, so many of the Cabinet members because they're going to help. I want to thank Mike Pence. In fact, I'd like you to say a few words.
THE VICE PRESIDENT: I would be happy to. Thank you, Mr. President, First Lady. It's an honor to be with you today just to pay a debt of gratitude for the great leadership here at the state and local level.
I know the President directed the full resources of the federal government in support of Florida's effort to prepare for it, confront, and now recovery and rebuild from Hurricane Irma. The President's directive over this weekend was very clear: Wherever Hurricane Irma goes, we're going to be there first.
And thanks to the great leadership of your Governor, and your emergency management team, and all the great first responders on the ground, that's exactly what Florida did.
And as the President has said, we're with you today, we're going to be with you tomorrow, and we're going to be with you until Florida rebuilds bigger and better than ever before. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: One word on a very important subject, so your power is, I mean literally, Rick, it's going on as we speak. It's going way ahead of schedule -- weeks ahead of schedule. And most of it, I guess outside of the Keys, where we have a very special problem, but we're working hard on that. That's a very, very special problem. That was just dead-center, but we're working very hard on that. And we have a lot of goods out there, a lot of water, a lot of food, a lot of everything.
But I'd like to ask your Governor to say a few words. Again, he's been absolutely outstanding. Thank you. Rick.
GOVERNOR SCOTT: Well first off, I want to thank everybody for their prayers. We've got prayers all over the world. I want to thank everybody for doing everything they can to get us back.
I want to thank the President and the Vice President. What I can say is, they were always accessible. They made quick decisions. They surrounded themselves with outstanding people. They were constantly calling me to say what resources did we need.
I want to thank basically the entire military. I want to thank the Coast Guard and the Navy. (Applause.)
I want to thank Secretary Duke. I want to thank Administrator Long. They were always calling us saying, what resources can we bring to the table? As you know, our state has been devastated. I've been in the Keys. If you go to the Keys, there were nine-foot storm surges, their homes just toppled. We don't want to lose a life.
Down here in this part of the state we got a lot of flooding, a lot of wind, a lot of rain. We got flooding up in the northeast.
We're working hard to get our power back on. Our utilities have restored over 4 million homes already. We're down to about 25 percent of our homes, and every person in our state wants their power back. We all want our power back. But I want to thank them for what they're doing so far. We have high expectations. We want our power back as fast as possible.
I want to thank the federal government for all of their support. If ports reopen, we get our fuel back in our state. We're short of fuel. We got lines in our gas stations. We still have lines at our gas stations.
The federal government has been a partner to help us make sure our ports get open so we get the fuel back into the state. We've done law enforcement escorts of our tanker trucks to get back to the gas stations and make sure we have fuel.
So everybody has worked hard. I want to thank our National Guard. We've called up over 8,000 National Guard members. We've got National Guard members from other states down here making sure that shelters were open, people were comfortable. We opened almost 600 shelters in record time, and it wouldn't have happened but for the Red Cross, the Salvation Army, the National Guard, but also the National Guard from other states.
So we have a lot of work to do. We're not done today. We're going to work hard. I know the federal government will continue to be a partner, our locals will, our state will. We're going to make sure -- we're going to continue to be a strong, resilient state.
But as I said, I want to thank from the bottom of my heart, everybody's prayers to help us get through this. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: So we are now going to be making a tour of the areas. We're going to see some of the folks and make sure they're happy because we're trying to keep it as happy as we can under the circumstances. In many cases they lost their homes, and it's a tough situation. So we're going to go see a lot of the folks.
And I will tell you again, I want to thank you. I want to thank the military. So thank everybody, and we'll see you later.
Media, we appreciate you being so understanding. It's been a very tough period of time even for you folks, and we really do appreciate your understanding. This has been a difficult situation.
As Rick knows, almost all of the roads are now open, and the ports are just about open. What we had to do to get some of those ports open, people wouldn't even believe that we did it so quickly. So we're very proud of the job that everybody around here has done.
Thank you all. Thank you very much. We'll see you later. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
11:12 A.M. EDT2:49 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. I am pleased to welcome this bipartisan group of Democrats and Republican lawmakers to the White House. More and more, we're trying to work things out together. That's a positive thing, and it's good for the Republicans and good for the Democrats. And this group knows that very well.
Whether we can do the incredible things that we're doing -- and working in a bipartisan fashion, obviously, would be a positive and, I think, something, Tom, that we all feel good about.
I want to thank Tom Reed. He's been a friend of mine for a long time. He was there right at the beginning when it wasn't very fashionable. Right? And I really appreciate it.
And Josh Gottheimer, for helping to organize this very important gathering. I think it's really -- the whole concept of what we're trying to do is very, very important.
Inspired by the example of our own citizens, we should be able to come together to make government work for the people -- that's why I was elected, that's why I ran -- and to provide jobs and opportunities to millions of struggling families. This includes tax reform that is pro-jobs, pro-growth, pro-family, and pro-American. It's very simple. It's all pro-American.
There are four principles for tax reform: Make the tax code simple and fair; cut taxes substantially -- it will be the largest tax decree in the history of our country for the middle class; encourage companies to hire and grow in America.
And by doing that, we're going to have to reduce the taxes for companies. Right now, we're at 35 percent and really much higher when you add state taxes in. And China is at 15 percent, and we wonder why are we not competing well against China. So they're at 15 percent and we're at 35 percent plus. And that doesn't work.
And bring back trillions of dollars -- we have trillions of dollars overseas that we'll bring back, and we'll bring them back quickly.
So this is money that -- Josh and Tom and everybody in this room can tell you -- everybody has agreed to bring it back for years but it never gets done. So we're putting it down as part of our tax proposal.
Another bipartisan project that is urgently needed is infrastructure and infrastructure investment. For decades now, Washington has allowed our infrastructure to fall into a state of total decay and disrepair. And it's time now to build new roads, new bridges, airports, tunnels, highways, and railways all across our great land.
When we set aside our differences -- and it's amazing how sometimes how little our differences are -- we put our country and we put the citizens of our country first. And that's what this is all about.
So we want to have a great new tax cut and tax reform, simplification, and massive cuts, and we want to get our country working again and competing again worldwide. And there will be nothing that can stop us.
On top of that, we'll be discussing probably a little bit of healthcare, because I know some information has come to light. So we'll be discussing -- because ultimately -- well, we have some Democrats, I won't speak -- I think I can speak for the Republicans, generally.
But we do want to do something very, very powerfully with respect to Obamacare. It has not worked; the rates are going through the roof. The numbers that you looked at -- no matter where you go, no matter where you look, healthcare is failing in our country. And we’re going to get it changed, and we’re going to get it changed fast.
Infrastructure -- we’ll be talking about. And we’ll probably also be talking about DACA because we don’t want to forget DACA. And it’s already been a week and a half, and people don’t talk about it as much.
We want to see if we can do something with regard to immigration, with regard to the 800,000 people that are now young people. They’re not children anymore. They were children, now they’re young people. But we want to see if we can do something in a bipartisan fashion so that we can solve the DACA problem and other immigration problems. So we’ll be discussing that today.
And then tonight, I’m having dinner with Senator Schumer and Nancy Pelosi and we’ll continue some discussions.
So we have a lot of things in the fire, but I think right now, first and foremost, so that we can compete again -- and especially in light of the fact that we had two massive hurricanes, the likes of which, I guess, our country has never seen. I don’t think they have ever seen. One was the biggest ever in water and the other was the biggest ever in wind. And you put them together and we have devastation in Texas and in Florida, and we’ve done -- and other parts of our country, by the way.
And I think we’ve gotten very high marks for the way we’ve handled them thus far, and we continue to handle them well. But they were very big and very powerful and it was very unfortunate.
But because of that, more than ever, we now need great tax reform and great tax cuts. So we are here as a group -- bipartisan -- to try and see what we can come up with.
Thank you all very much. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Q Mr. President, some conservatives are skeptical of this new approach with Democrats. What would you tell them? Why have Leader Pelosi and Senator Schumer over tonight? What’s your message for skeptical conservatives?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I’m conservative and, I will tell you, I’m not skeptical. And I think that if we can do things in a bipartisan manner, that will be great.
Now, it might not work out, in which case, we’ll try and do them without. But I think if we can do, in a bipartisan manner -- if you look at some of the greatest legislation ever passed, it was done on a bipartisan manner. And so that’s why we’re going to give it a shot. Right, Tom? And we’ll see what we can do. And if it works out, great. And if it doesn’t work out, great. Hopefully we’ll be able to do it anyways -- Republicans.
Okay? Thank you.
Q (Inaudible) 15 percent corporate tax rate with a bipartisan --
THE PRESIDENT: We’re looking at a 15 percent rate. And we want a 15 percent rate because that would bring us low -- not by any means the lowest -- but it would bring us to a level where China and other countries are. And we will be able to compete with anybody. Nobody will be able to touch us. So we would like to see 15 percent.
Thank you very much everybody.
And, by the way, lower for individuals -- much lower than that for individuals. And the rich will not be gaining at all with this plan. We’re looking for the middle class, and we’re looking for jobs. Jobs, meaning companies. So we’re looking at the middle class and we’re looking at jobs.
Q Will the wealthy have to accept higher taxes --
THE PRESIDENT: I think the wealthy will be pretty much where they are -- pretty much where they are. If we can do that, we’d like it. If they have to go higher, they’ll go higher, frankly. We’re looking at the middle class and we’re looking at jobs.
Okay? Thank you very much.
END
2:56 P.M. EDT12:11 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. It’s great to have the Prime Minister of Malaysia and his very distinguished delegation with us today. We’re talking about trade -- very large trade deals. We’re working on one deal where between 10 and 20 billion dollars’ worth of Boeing jets are going to be purchased, General Electric engines will be purchased, and many other things.
Also, Malaysia is a massive investor in the United States in the form of stocks and bonds, and the stock exchange. And they have to be very happy because we’re hitting new highs on almost a weekly basis. And so we’re very proud of our stock market and what’s happened since I became President. So I congratulate you on those investments.
But I just want to say, it’s an honor to have you here. It’s an honor to have your delegation with us. I believe you’ll be at the United Nations next week, and a lot of folks are going to be at the United Nations next week. It should be an exciting week, and we look very much forward to that.
But I want to thank you very much for all of the investment you’ve made in the United States. Also, the Prime Minister has a major role in not allowing ISIS -- or, as you say, Daesh -- and others to exist. And he’s been very, very strong on terrorism in Malaysia, and a great supporter from that standpoint. So that’s a very important thing to the United States.
He does not do business with North Korea any longer, and we find that to be very important. We had a vote yesterday on sanctions. We think it’s just another very small step -- not a big deal. Rex and I were just discussing -- not big. I don’t know if it has any impact, but certainly it was nice to get a 15-to-nothing vote. But those sanctions are nothing compared to what ultimately will have to happen.
So thank you everyone for being here, and we appreciate it. Mr. Prime Minister, it’s a great honor to have you in the United States and in the White House. And thank you everyone for being here. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Would you like to say something?
PRIME MINISTER RAZAK: Thank you very much, Mr. President, for your invitation for me and members of my delegation to meet with you at the White House. I want to say that we come here with a strong value proposition to put on the table.
Number one, we want to help you in terms of strengthening the U.S. economy. I come with three specific proposals. Number one, we intend to increase the number of Boeing planes to be purchased by MAS. We are committed to 25 planes of the 737 MAX 10, plus eight 787 Dreamliners. And there is a strong probability -- not possibility – probability that we will add 25 more 737 MAX 10 in the near future. So within five years, the deal will be worth beyond $10 billion. That’s one. We will also try to persuade AirAsia to purchase GE engines.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Great.
PRIME MINISTER RAZAK: Secondly, we have Employees Provident Fund, which is a major pension fund in Malaysia. They’ve got quite a big sum of capital to be exported. They have invested close to $7 billion, in terms of equity, in the United States. And they intend to invest three to four additional billion dollars to support your infrastructure redevelopment in the United States.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Great.
PRIME MINISTER RAZAK: And thirdly, our sovereign fund, Khazanah, they have an office in Silicon Valley. They have invested about $400 million, in terms of high-tech companies, and they intend to increase that investment as well.
Secondly, the other goal of your administration, Mr. President, which is to make the United States safe -- and with that, the world safe -- we are committed to fight Daesh, IS, Al-Qaeda, Abu Sayyaf -- you name it. They are the enemy of the United States, they are also the enemy of Malaysia, and we will do our part to make sure that our part of the world is safe.
We will also contribute in terms of the ideological warfare because you need to win the hearts and minds. And the key to it is to support moderate and progressive Muslim regimes and governments around the world, because that is the true face of Islam; that is the authentic face of Islam. The more you align with progressive and moderate regimes, the better it would be in terms of winning the hearts and minds of the Muslim world.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Right.
PRIME MINISTER RAZAK: So, Mr. President, thank you once again. The United States has always been our partner for a long, long time. And this year is our 60th anniversary of our relationship, and I hope that today’s meeting will make it even stronger in the years to come.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
END
12:18 P.M. EDTThe Pentagon
Arlington, Virginia
9:49 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, General. Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen.
I want to thank you, Secretary Mattis, General Dunford, members of the Cabinet, members of the Armed Forces, first responders, and most importantly, to the families and to the survivors: It’s an honor to join you on this very, very solemn occasion. This is an occasion that is extraordinary, and it will always be extraordinary.
Before we begin, I’d like to send our nation’s prayers to everyone in the path of Hurricane Irma and to everyone suffering through the devastation of Hurricane Harvey. These are storms of catastrophic severity, and we're marshaling the full resources of the federal government to help our fellow Americans in Florida, Alabama, Georgia, Texas, Louisiana, Tennessee, and all of those wonderful places and states in harm’s way.
When Americans are in need, Americans pull together -- and we are one country. And when we face hardship, we emerge closer, stronger, and more determined than ever.
We’re gathered here today to remember a morning that started very much like this one. Parents dropped off their children at school. Travelers stood in line at airports and getting ready to board flights. Here at the Pentagon and at offices all across the country, people began their early meetings.
Then, our whole world changed. America was under attack. First at the World Trade Center, then here at the Pentagon, and then in Pennsylvania. The horror and anguish of that dark day were seared into our national memory forever. It was the worst attack on our country since Pearl Harbor and even worse because this was an attack on civilians -- innocent men, women, and children whose lives were taken so needlessly.
For the families with us on this anniversary, we know that not a single day goes by when you don’t think about the loved ones stolen from your life. Today, our entire nation grieves with you and with every family of those 2,977 innocent souls who were murdered by terrorists 16 years ago.
Each family here today represents a son or daughter, a sister or brother, a mother or father, who was taken from you on that terrible, terrible day. But no force on Earth can ever take away your memories, diminish your love, or break your will to endure and carry on and go forward. Though we can never erase your pain, or bring back those you lost, we can honor their sacrifice by pledging our resolve to do whatever we must to keep our people safe. (Applause.)
On that day, not only did the world change, but we all changed. Our eyes were opened to the depths of the evil we face. But in that hour of darkness, we also came together with renewed purpose. Our differences never looked so small, our common bonds never felt so strong.
The sacrificed [sanctified] grounds on which we stand today are a monument to our national unity and to our strength. For more than seven decades, the Pentagon has stood as a global symbol of American might. Not only because of the great power contained within these halls, but because of the incredible character of the people who fill them. They secure our freedom, they defend our flag, and they support our courageous troops all around the world.
Among the 184 brave Americans who perished on these grounds were young enlisted servicemembers, dedicated civil servants who had worked here for decades, and veterans who served our nation in Korea, in Vietnam, and in the Middle East. All of them loved this country and pledged their very lives to protect it.
That September morning, each of those brave Americans died as they had lived: as heroes doing their duty and protecting us and our country. We mourn them, we honor them, and we pledge to never, ever forget them. (Applause.)
We also remember and cherish the lives of the beloved Americans who boarded Flight 77 at Dulles Airport that morning. Every one of them had a family, a story, and beautiful dreams. Each of them had people they loved and who loved them back. And they all left behind a deep emptiness that their warmth and grace once filled so fully and so beautifully.
The living, breathing soul of America wept with grief for every life taken on that day. We shed our tears in their memory, pledged our devotion in their honor, and turned our sorrow into an unstoppable resolve to achieve justice in their name.
The terrorists who attacked us thought they could incite fear and weaken our spirit. But America cannot be intimidated, and those who try will soon join the long list of vanquished enemies who dared to test our mettle. (Applause.)
In the years after September 11th, more than 5 million young men and women have joined the ranks of our great military to defend our country against barbaric forces of evil and destruction. American forces are relentlessly pursuing and destroying the enemies of all civilized people, ensuring -- and these are horrible, horrible enemies -- enemies like we've never seen before. But we're ensuring they never again have a safe haven to launch attacks against our country. We are making plain to these savage killers that there is no dark corner beyond our reach, no sanctuary beyond our grasp, and nowhere to hide anywhere on this very large Earth.
Since 9/11, nearly 7,000 servicemembers have given their lives fighting terrorists around the globe. Some of them rest just beyond this fence, in the shrine to our nation’s heroes, on the grounds of Arlington National Cemetery. They came from all backgrounds, all races, all faiths, but they were all there to dedicate their lives, and they defend our one great American flag. (Applause.)
They -- and every person who puts on the uniform -- has the love and gratitude of our entire nation.
Today, as we stand on this hallowed ground, we are reminded of the timeless truth that when America is united, no force on Earth can break us apart -- no force.
On the morning of 9/11, Pentagon Police Officer Isaac Ho’opi’i and -- a special person -- was one of many heroes whose love for his fellow Americans knew no bounds. He was a mile away when he got the call over his radio that a plane had crashed into the Pentagon. He sped to the scene and raced into smoke and fire. Few people would have done it. He ducked under live electrical wires and trudged through puddles of jet fuel only steps away from sparks and from vicious flame.
In the pitch black, he began calling out people in need of help. Isaac heard faint voices and he wanted to answer those faint voices. One by one, he carried people out of the burning rubble. He kept going back into the smoldering darkness, calling out to anyone who could hear, anyone who was alive. He saved as many as 20 people who had followed his voice; he carried eight himself.
For nearly 36 hours, Isaac kept on saving lives, serving our nation, and protecting our safety in our hour of need. And today, Isaac continues to do exactly that. Isaac still works at the Pentagon, now as a sergeant. He’s on duty right now, and he’s joined us here today for the ceremony. And this morning, all of us -- and all of America -- thank Isaac for his service. Where is Isaac? (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you, Isaac. Thank you.
To Isaac and to every first responder and survivor of the attack, you carry on the legacy of the friends you lost. You keep alive the memory of those who perished. And you make America proud -- very, very proud.
To the family members with us today, I know that it’s with a pained and heavy heart that you come back to this place. But by doing so, by choosing to persevere through the grief, the sorrow, you honor your heroes, you renew our courage, and you strengthen all of us. You really do. You strengthen all of us.
Here on the west side of the Pentagon, terrorists tried to break our resolve. It’s not going to happen. But where they left a mark with fire and rubble, Americans defiantly raised the stars and stripes –- our beautiful flag that for more than two centuries has graced our ships, flown in our skies, and led our brave heroes to victory after victory in battle. The flag that binds us all together as Americans who cherish our values and protect our way of life. The flag that reminds us today of who we are, what we stand for, and why we fight.
Woven into that beautiful flag is the story of our resolve. We have overcome every challenge -- every single challenge, every one of them -- we've triumphed over every evil, and remained united as one nation under God. America does not bend. We do not waver. And we will never, ever yield.
So here at this memorial, with hearts both sad and determined, we honor every hero who keeps us safe and free, and we pledge to work together, to fight together, and to overcome together every enemy and obstacle that's ever in our path.
Our values will endure. Our people will thrive. Our nation will prevail. And the memory of our loved ones will never, ever die.
Thank you. May God bless you. May God forever bless the great United States of America. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
END
10:04 A.M. EDTTranscript:
My fellow Americans,
As Hurricane Irma approaches, my Administration is working closely with our state and local partners to help save lives, protect families, and assist those in need. This is a storm of absolutely historic destructive potential. I ask everyone in the storm’s path to be vigilant, and to heed all recommendations from government officials and law enforcement. Nothing is more important than the safety and security of our people. We are doing everything we can to help with disaster preparations and, when the time comes, we will restore, recover, and rebuild – together, as Americans. In times such as these, we see the strength and the resolve of the American Spirit – and we see the kindness and courage of our people. With gratitude for our first responders, and prayers for those in the storm’s path, America stands united – and I mean totally united. From Texas to Louisiana, from Florida to Puerto Rico, and always the US Virgin Islands, and everywhere in between that has been affected by these terrible storms: we will endure and come back stronger than ever before.
Earlier this week, I visited the hardworking citizens of North Dakota to promote our vision for tax cuts and tax reform that will create opportunity and prosperity for millions and millions of Americans. As President, I am committed to pursuing an economic policy that lifts up all of our citizens, provides hope for all of our communities, and generates wealth for everyday hardworking people and it’s about time.
Since January, we’ve already created 1.2 million jobs. Unemployment is near a 16-year low. Wages are rising. But for our economy to truly take off like it should, we must cut taxes and reform our badly-broken tax system.
Our current burdensome tax code is a massive lead weight against the American economy. It costs us millions of jobs, trillions of dollars, and billions and billions of hours wasted on paperwork and compliance.
My Administration is working closely with Congress to develop a plan that will deliver more jobs, higher pay, and lower taxes for businesses of all sizes and most importantly for Middle Class families all across America.
First, we are going to make filing taxes as simple as possible. If you're like most Americans, under our plan you will file your taxes on a single page. What a difference that will make – and you won’t need to keep endless receipts and paperwork. We are freeing you from the horrible tax maze.
Secondly, we will cut taxes for Middle Class families. We want you to keep more of your hard earned money. This way, you could spend it, you could save it, you could do whatever you want.
Third, we will restore our competitive edge so we can create more jobs and higher wages for the American worker.
Today we have the highest business tax rate anywhere in the developed world – 60 percent higher on average than our major foreign competitors. It is a crushing tax on every product Made in America, and it encourages American businesses to ship jobs and factories overseas – something that I have been fighting long and hard and we are making tremendous head way. Believe me, they are starting to move back to our country and the jobs are coming with them.
We are going to cut taxes on American Industry so we can create more business in our country. We want our companies to hire and grow in America, to raise wages for American workers, and to help rebuild our American cities and towns.
Finally, we will make it easier for companies to bring back trillions of dollars that they are now keeping overseas. And the reason is the tax is too high and the bureaucracy is too great. It is so complicated for them to bring back their money that they say “let’s just leave it over here, we won’t bring it back to the United States.” Terrible situation. We are going to take care of it. But this money should be brought back to American soil, where it can be invested in new factories and brand new beautiful jobs.
Our plan is pro-jobs, pro-worker, pro-family and pro-American.
This is our chance to give American workers a level playing field, to end the rigged system that lets special interests win at the expense of the middle class, and to reestablish our economic dominance for generations to come.
That is how we all succeed and grow together - as one team, one people, and one American family. Frankly, that is how we Make America Great Again.
Thank you. God bless you. And God bless America.East Room
2:21 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Good afternoon, and thank you for all being here. It's my great honor to welcome His Highness the Emir of Kuwait to the White House.
The United States and Kuwait share a strong and enduring partnership. We recently commenced [commemorated] the 27th day of remembrance of Saddam Hussein’s invasion of Kuwait, which we all remember so well. The United States is proud to have contributed to the liberation of Kuwait and for the friendship we have built together in the years since.
Today, we reaffirm our commitment to our shared security interests and recognize Kuwait’s critical contributions to regional stability. We also thank Kuwait for its humanitarian leadership and for its partnership in the fight to destroy ISIS.
During my trip to Saudi Arabia, I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab and Muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies -- murderous terror groups that threaten all civilized people. Every responsible nation must work together to strip these groups of their territory, their financing, and the false allure of their evil ideology.
I applaud Kuwait for its role in this effort and encourage all nations in the region to do their fair share in defeating those who wage war on the innocent. Each nation in the region must decide what kind of future they want for their own children: one of violence or one of peace. That also means confronting those, such as the Iranian regime, who support terror groups and radical militias.
Cooperation between America and Kuwait has never been stronger -- never, ever. The FBI and the Kuwaiti government are expanding our counterterrorism and intelligence-sharing efforts. We are making progress on promoting Kuwaiti investments in the United States. They’re making tremendous investments in our country. They have great confidence in our country. We're also entering a bilateral agreement with Kuwait regarding customs enforcement.
During the same period, and the same trip to Saudi Arabia -- which was my great honor representing our incredible country -- His Highness personally asked me to expedite a $5 billion agreement for the sale of American F/A-18 Super Hornet fighting jets for Kuwait. I am pleased to report that the State Department has now authorized this transferred purchase, which will not only strengthen our mutual security, but will greatly benefit American workers.
Kuwaiti's investments in America through its sovereign wealth fund are profitable for Kuwaiti people and they create many, many jobs in the American workforce. I am pleased to report this year that Kuwait has taken delivery of 10 American-made Boeing 777 airliners. They're beauties. American workers build the best planes in the world, by far, and we want them to be made available for those countries that want them. And Kuwait has been a big buyer of commercial airliners made by Boeing and others.
Our partnership extends beyond shared economic and security interests. We're signing a memorandum to deepen the close educational ties between our two countries, enhancing English language, and that's what we're going to be doing -- we're enhancing the whole relationship through the use of the English language. And that is something that's very exciting, I think, for both of us.
I want to thank His Highness for his leadership role and the role he's playing to help the nations of the Gulf Cooperation Council follow through on their pledges from all over -- because we went to Saudi Arabia, and the pledges of ending terrorist financing came from every country in that magnificent room, on that magnificent day. And we are addressing the ongoing GCC dispute, and the Emir is leading those discussions and hopefully it will be resolved very soon.
We call on our GCC and Egyptian allies to focus on our commitments at that Saudi Arabia summit to continue our joint efforts to drive out and defeat terrorists. Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, and Egypt are all essential U.S. partners in this effort. We have great relationships with all of them right now; maybe better than we've ever had. We will be most successful with a united GCC.
Tomorrow, Secretary of State Tillerson and Foreign Minister Al-Sabah will chair the second U.S.-Kuwaiti Strategic Dialogue. By strengthening communications with allies like Kuwait, we send a strong message to both terrorist organizations and regional aggressors that they cannot win -- they will not win; they cannot win against us; and our military is getting stronger and stronger and stronger -- and that those who cherish and value human life will always prevail.
I want to thank His Highness for joining us here today. The United States values its close friendship with Kuwait and its people, and we look forward to strengthening these bonds even further. Together, we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are no match for the blessings of prosperity and peace.
Thank you very much. I appreciate that. Thank you.
EMIR Al-SABAH: (As interpreted.) My dear President, Mr. President Donald Trump, Your Excellencies and Highnesses, ladies and gentlemen, I’m delighted, and my delegation, to be here today in Washington, this great city, in response to the invitation that His Excellency, my friend President Trump, has extended to me.
I would like at the outset to reaffirm and resend once again our condolences to the President and the American people about the victims of Harvey Hurricane that hit Texas. And we are deeply affected by the human losses and the huge destruction in public facilities and property.
I pray to God almighty that he would make this, the coming hurricane that is about to hit Florida -- for it to be a harbinger of goodness, not evil. I wish and hope that the losses would not be harmful to the American people and would not cause further sadness and grief for those who will fall victim to this hurricane.
Once again, we reaffirm that we stand by our friends in the U.S. in fighting and confronting this issue. We have had deep and comprehensive discussions that reflect the depth of our bilateral and historic relationship, and advanced relationships in all levels -- at the political, economic, and military, and security levels -- in order to serve the mutual interests of our two countries and people.
I here would like to commend the commitment that we have sensed here on the part of the U.S. about the security of the State of Kuwait. And within the framework of these relations, we remember with great gratitude the great role that the U.S. played when it assumed the leadership of the international coalition that liberated my country from the throes of the invading Iraqi forces and restored its freedom. And this memory will remain forever in the minds of the Kuwaiti people.
We also highly value the strategic relations between our two countries. We have discussed the situation in the country, foremost among which is the unfortunate dispute between our brothers in the Gulf region and our efforts to contain it, and the international support that we have received for these efforts.
We have also discussed our common efforts, in cooperation with the international community, in fighting terrorism and ending the sources of funding for it. And in this regard, I would like to commend the prominent role that the United States plays in combatting terrorism, especially the recent victories against terrorism. And we have also discussed the situation in Iraq, and the catastrophic situation in Syria, and Yemen, and Syria, and Libya. And we affirm the need to end their fighting there through dialogue between the various disputing parties.
And we have affirmed the necessity of the Security Council to shoulder its responsibility in maintaining international peace and stability, because the continuation of those struggles continues to be a threat.
With respect to the Palestinian question, we have praised the recent U.S. efforts to move the peace process, and we affirmed the need to join efforts in order to reach a comprehensive and lasting solution to this problem on the basis of a two-state solution and in accordance with the international legitimacy resolutions and the Arab Peace Initiative.
Once again, I thank His Excellency, the President, for his kind invitation to us and for his kind hospitality. And we look forward to meeting with His Excellency, the President, in the State of Kuwait within the framework of our efforts to further enhance our relations and build on our strategic relationship in the service of the interests of both countries and people.
Thank you, Mr. President.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: All right, we’ll take a couple of questions. Go ahead. Yes.
Actually, we’ll go to somebody else this time, John. (Laughter.) You've been doing enough, John. Go ahead, CBS.
Q Thanks. Mr. President, on the question of North Korea, the country feels that a crisis is coming. Some lawmakers, Lindsey Graham among them, have almost described the situation as inevitably leading to war. I don't want to ask you if you think it’s inevitable. What I do want to ask you is, as President of the United States, would you tolerate a nuclearized North Korea that is contained and deterred but still nuclear? Or would it have to abandon nuclear weapons? And would military action on the part of the United States be one of the options necessary to achieve that goal?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Military action would certainly be an option. Is it inevitable? Nothing is inevitable. It would be great if something else could be worked out. We would have to look at all of the details, all of the facts. But we've had Presidents for 25 years now -- they've been talking, talking, talking -- and the day after an agreement is reached, new work begins in North Korea, continuation on nuclear.
So I would prefer not going the route of the military, but it’s something certainly that could happen. Our military has never been stronger. We are in a position now -- and you know the new orders. You see the new numbers just like I see the new numbers. It’s been tens of billions of dollars more in investment. And each day new equipment is delivered -- new and beautiful equipment, the best in the world, the best anywhere in the world, by far.
Hopefully we're not going to have to use it on North Korea. If we do use it on North Korea, it will be a very sad day for North Korea.
Do you have a question for the Emir?
Q Follow-up: Is it acceptable for you, as President, for North Korea to be nuclearized but contained and deterred? Is that a strategy you would like --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We're going to see what it is. I don't negotiate with you --
Q -- to prefer?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: No, I’m not negotiating with you. Maybe we’ll have a chance to negotiate with somebody else, but I don't put my negotiations on the table. Unlike past administrations, I don't talk about them. But I can tell you that North Korea is behaving badly, and it’s got to stop.
Okay, a question for the Emir?
Q Your Excellency, you mentioned in a general sense the situation with Qatar. How optimistic are you about it being resolved, and what role would you like the President of the United States to play in achieving a resolution?
EMIR AL-SABAH: (As interpreted.) We hope -- we still have hope that the dispute will be resolved between Qatar and its neighborly countries in the GCC. Especially that our friends in the U.S. and our other friends are assisting us in resolving this issue, I am optimistic that the solution will come in the very near future, God willing.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Question for the -- yes, for the Emir first, yes.
Q My question is for you, Mr. President, first. Kuwait News Agency.
(As interpreted.) Do you support the Kuwaiti mediation role between Qatar and the four countries? And do you support the holding of a conference that will include all parties in Kuwait? Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: While I do appreciate and respect the mediation, I would be willing to be the mediator. I was telling the Emir before that if I can help between UAE and Saudi Arabia, where I have a very great relationship -- I spoke with the King yesterday, King Salman, who is a friend of mine, and we spoke on unrelated subjects, but we had a long conversation. If I can help mediate between Qatar and, in particular, the UAE and Saudi Arabia, I would be willing to do so. And I think you’d have a deal worked out very quickly.
I think it’s something that's going to get solved fairly easily. Kuwait has been really the leader of getting it solved, and we appreciate that very much. But I do believe that we’ll solve it. If we don't solve it, I will be a mediator right here in the White House. We’ll come together. Very quickly, I think, we’ll have something solved.
Q (As interpreted.) Emir, in light of the regional conditions in the region, has there been an assertion on the role of the U.S.’s commitment to the security of the State of Kuwait? Thank you.
EMIR AL-SABAH: (As interpreted.) Thank you. And you have heard now what His Excellency, the President, has said about the relations between Kuwait and the U.S., and its assertion of its commitment to the security of Kuwait. And this is not something new.
And don't forget that the United States has managed with its other allies when Kuwait was occupied; it liberated Kuwait from Iraq within a few months. And this is something that the Kuwaiti people remember very well and everybody also. And we here thank the United States and the American people for that.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Go ahead.
Q Thank you, Mr. President. Nadia Bilbassy with Al Arabiya Television. You dispatched a team to Israel and Palestine, and you're about to meet the leaders of both countries in the U.N. soon. Do we expect a new American initiative to move the process forward?
And if I may, sir, the U.N. has just published a report about Syria’s Assad regime using chemical weapons. They said they basically used it more than two dozen times. Does that mean that President Assad is immune now from any prosecution? And what can you do to stop the further use of chemical weapons? Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, first of all, the Palestinians and the Israelis -- we are discussing, we are working. They say it is the world's most complex and difficult deal. You know that. But it is something that could happen. I believe that the relationships that we have with both can help. It's an event that's just never taken place. Sometimes people think they're close and it never happens, or it never happens successfully.
I think we have a chance of doing it. I think the Palestinians would like to see it happen. I think the Israelis would like to see it happen. And usually when you have two groups that would like to see something happen, good things can happen.
So I think there is a chance that there could be peace. But again, I say that a little bit reluctantly. We're going to give it our best. We have tremendous talent working on that particular transaction. As you know, David Friedman, the ambassador, is very much involved. We have a great group of people. We'll see what happens.
As far as the chemical weapons, I find it hard to believe that after what we did the last time, that Assad would do that again. I haven’t heard what you just said, but I find that a little bit difficult to believe. But nothing would change. We would be extremely upset if he was using chemical weapons.
As far as Syria is concerned, we have very little to do with Syria other than killing ISIS. What we do is we kill ISIS. And we have succeeded in that respect. We have done better in eight months of my presidency than the previous eight years against ISIS. So ISIS is rapidly disappearing, as you know, and that's because of our great military. The military has been absolutely incredible in terms of what they've done with ISIS in Iraq and in Syria.
Do you have a question for the Emir?
Q (As interpreted.) Yes. To the Emir, all the parties are holding onto their own positions with respect to Qatar. Where do you see a breakthrough in this dispute? Do you see any indications to make us believe that this crisis will come to an end?
EMIR AL-SABAH: (As interpreted.) The hope has not ended yet. I would like to affirm that Qatar is ready to meet all the demands that were put -- the 13 demands that were presented, and is ready to sit at the table to negotiate and to discuss with us all everything related to the dispute between the parties -- the Gulf parties.
As you know, we have 13 demands that were presented, and we know that not all of these 13 demands are acceptable. But if we were to sit down together and discuss these 13 demands -- and we have indeed accepted them, and Qatar has accepted them -- we would be able to resolve all 13 demands -- all the issues and points that harm and relate to the dispute between the countries of the region and anything that harms the interests of our other friends.
Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: This all began because of the fact that there has been massive funding of terrorism by certain countries. And what I want is I want to stop the funding of terrorism, and we’re going to stop the funding of terrorism. And if they don’t stop the funding of terrorism, I don’t want them to come together. But I think they will.
You have a question?
Q (As interpreted.) Your Highness, Said Saeed (ph) from Al Jazeera, Mr. President. We talk about Kuwaiti mediation and supporting Kuwaiti mediation. Are the talks and the meeting that happened in Kuwait, which received U.S. and international support -- is there, in reality, something clear and a breakthrough that has been accomplished in this crisis? Are we about to see at the beginning of a breakthrough? Or, Your Highness, are the things -- issues so complicated? We talked about a deep discussion about all the issues. What is the real issue and complicated issue at the heart of this dispute? We would like to find some information -- where is the problem here -- so that we can solve it. Thank you.
EMIR AL-SABAH: (As interpreted.) First of all, I would like to say, there is no problem that cannot be resolved. True, it’s complicated, but when we meet around one table -- and now we have an affirmation from the country to which some demands were presented by its brotherly nations in the Gulf region when we hear that it’s ready to discuss all these demands. We are not among those countries, but we are guarantors, and we can guarantee that we will pressure Qatar because it’s not in the interest of Qatar to remain outside the flock. Rather, it should join its brothers in the GCC.
As you know, thank God, the wisdom of our brothers in the Gulf region -- they should appreciate the situation we are in today -- the situation in Syria and Iraq, and in Syria and in Libya. Now is the time that we have to forget all these differences. It’s true we have descended into some not very healthy issues, especially in the media, but in spite of all of that, we were one of the most people to be affected by this situation by what our brothers in Qatar have done.
But when that happened, and before this dispute came into existence, we met with our brothers in Qatar and put an end to this issue. And this is now a normal issue. We met in Riyadh, in the presence of President Trump, and there was no one to say that there was a dispute between us. But suddenly, this dispute came into existence. Thank God, now, what is important is that we have stopped any military action.
And these disputes, as I said, they are complicated. And we have seen the media campaign that is totally unacceptable to the people because the media coming out of this country is against the people, not the rulers. And for that reasons, we have received from Qatar a letter in response to the letter I sent them, and they are willing to sit down at the table and discuss all these demands, which the other parties have put down.
And we’re talking about 13 demands, and I’m certain that all these certain demands, some of them -- a great part of them will be resolved and the other part -- and perhaps, we might not accept them because anything that effects sovereignty we would not accept.
But we are very hopeful. We have great hope in our friends in the U.S. that they will assist them to restore things to where they used to be.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, that is a problem that we will get resolved, and I’m very, very honored and happy to know that you have problems with the media also. (Laughter.)
Thank you everybody. Thank you very much.
END
2:51 P.M. EDTAndeavor Refinery
Bismarck, North Dakota
3:20 P.M. CDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, everybody. Thank you. I was just with our governor. He said, you know, Mr. President, we could have had 25 times the number of people, but for policy speeches, they like to keep them just like this. But I appreciate -- this is tremendous. And this is truly a tremendous state. And we appreciate it very much. We appreciate you being here. Thank you. (Applause.)
And the policy we're talking about is cutting your taxes. Do you like that policy? (Applause.) Well, you're the hardworking people who provide the energy that makes this country run, and we are finally getting the government out of the way so you can do your jobs. Finally happening. (Applause.)
Prior to leaving the White House, I had a great bipartisan meeting with Democrat and Republican leaders in Congress, and I'm committed to working with both parties to deliver for our wonderful, wonderful citizens. It's about time. We had a great meeting with Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, and the whole Republican leadership group. And I'll tell you what, we walked out of there -- Mitch and Paul, and everybody, Kevin -- and we walked out and everybody was happy. Not too happy -- because you can never be too happy -- but they were happy enough. And it was nice to see that happen for a change because that hasn't happened for a long time in this country -- for a very long time.
I want to take a moment to send our thoughts and prayers to the people of Texas and Louisiana who have truly suffered through a catastrophic hurricane. (Applause.) One of the worst hurricanes in our country's history. And guess what? We have another one coming. You see that.
But our hearts are heavy with sadness for those who have lost everything. They have also filled us with hope because you watched and you witnessed the unyielding strength and resilience of the American spirit. You looked at that in Texas. You looked at Louisiana. You saw the spirit; you saw the spirit of so many other people coming from all over. It was a great thing. I was there twice, and I will tell you the people were absolutely incredible. What they've gone through -- you would not believe this could have happened.
And I know you have a little bit of a drought. They had the opposite. Believe me, you're better off. You are better off. They had the absolute opposite.
The compassion of our citizens and the courage of our first responders makes us all very proud to be an American. (Applause.) I can tell you that I was deeply inspired by the faith and perseverance of those who I met and by all of the people that were there -- so many people.
And unfortunately, now we're getting ready to respond to Hurricane Irma. And these incredible people that we have at FEMA and the other groups, they thought they'd get a night of sleep -- one night, just one night. They're not getting anything. They're right now going to Florida, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands, and they're already there. And they're being hit with some very, very strong and powerful winds. The winds coming now -- Irma, they're saying, is the largest one in recorded history in the Atlantic Ocean -- coming out of the Atlantic, which gets big ones.
So I just want to thank everybody and all of the people that are going down. And they're really now, again, in harm's way. We'll work together to help save lives, protect families, and support those in need. Together, we will recover and we will rebuild.
I also want to tell the people of North Dakota and the Western states who are feeling the pain of the devastating drought that we are with you 100 percent -- 100 percent. (Applause.) And I've been in close touch, numerous times, with our Secretary of Agriculture, who is doing a fantastic job, Sonny Perdue, who has been working with your governor and your delegation to help provide relief. And we're doing everything we can, but you have a pretty serious drought.
I just said to the governor, I didn't know you had droughts this far north. Guess what? You have them. But we're working hard on it and it'll disappear. It will all go away.
I want you to know we'll always stand strong and unified with our farmers and our ranchers -- the backbone of America -- that I can tell you, 100 percent. (Applause.)
So we're here today to talk about our plan to create a new age of American prosperity by reducing the crushing tax burden on our companies and on our workers. The taxes are crazy -- the highest-taxed nation in the world. We're going to turn that around very quickly. (Applause.)
This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity, and I mean that. I think this is one time you're going to get. And I'm honored to be joined by some of the fantastic leaders who share this goal with us.
Senator Hoeven. Where is Senator? Senator, stand up, Senator. (Applause.) Doing a fantastic job. Come on up, Senator. Come on up here. Get up here. Fantastic job. Thank you, Senator.
Governor Burgum. (Applause.) Come on up, Governor. Beautiful job. Come on.
Lieutenant Governor Sanford. (Applause.) The Governor told me he's the best lieutenant governor in the country. So I don't know. We'll check it out.
Congressman Cramer. (Applause.)
Senator Heitkamp. Senator, come on up. (Applause.)
And I have to say, they -- you are all in favor of tax cuts, aren't you? Come on up, Senator. These are great people. They work hard. They're for you 100 percent. And we just want their support because we need support. You see that with what's happening in Congress. Nobody can get anything through Congress. We need support.
So thank you, Senator. Senator Heitkamp. Everyone is saying, what's she doing up here? But I'll tell you what -- good woman, and I think we'll have your support. I hope we'll have your support. And thank you very much, Senator. Thank you for coming up. Senators, thank you. Thank you. (Applause.)
They're all in good company together. By working together, we're going to restore America’s competitive edge by passing tax cuts and reform that makes America the best place in the world to hire, invest, and to grow. We love our country, we love our people, and we want to create more jobs in America, for Americans.
I want to welcome a great friend and a true American visionary who has created thousands of jobs in North Dakota and all around the country, and he's been a friend of mine right from the beginning. He said I should do this; absolutely you have to do it. A great, great American success story -- Harold Hamm. Where is Harold? Where is Harold? Come here, Harold. (Applause.) Thousands and thousands of jobs.
You know, Barry Switzer was up at my office. And I never heard this -- you probably have heard this, but Harold was a little bit late and Barry was talking to me. And Barry is a great guy, great football coach. I think he won a Super Bowl and a college number one, right?
And we were talking about Harold, who is a great friend of his. And he said, "You know that guy, Mr. Trump?" That was before I was President. He said, "That guy -- these companies spend billions of dollars and they're looking for oil and they don't find anything. Harold Hamm, he puts a straw in the ground and oil flies out." (Laughter.) That's why he's rich, I guess. Anyway, Harold, thank you very much.
You want to say something? Go ahead.
MR. HAMM: You find oil in North Dakota, in the Bakken! (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Harold.
North Dakota is an inspiring example of the amazing things that are possible when we unleash the genius of American innovators, unite the red tape, and I’ll tell you -- and we have to unite everything. And all that red tape becomes beautiful when you get rid of it. And we're getting rid of -- are we getting rid of a lot of red tape, by the way? (Applause.) And we unlock the extraordinary potential of our great American workers.
North Dakota chose to embrace American industry and the American worker even when many in Washington wanted to tax and regulate your industries totally out of existence. And you knew that. And you've seen what’s happened over the last number of eight months. You've seen what’s happened. Big difference.
Today, families have new jobs and new hope because of the vast energy wealth that you brought to life right here. You understand the vital truth: Washington has no right to shut down energy production because America’s energy wealth doesn't belong to the government, it belongs to the people. (Applause.)
It belongs to hardworking patriots like you because of the North Dakota energy miracle -- and I call it a miracle. Today, this state has the lowest unemployment rate of any state in America, nearly half the national average. (Applause.)
I want all of America to be inspired by what’s happened in North Dakota and the North Dakota example. This state is a reminder of what can happen when we promote American jobs instead of obstructing American jobs -- which has been happening, believe me. (Applause.)
And, by the way, Ivanka Trump -- everybody loves Ivanka. (Applause.) Come up, honey. Should I bring Ivanka up? (Applause.) Come up. Sometimes they’ll say, "You know, he can't be that bad a guy." Look at Ivanka. (Laughter.)
Now, come on up, honey. She’s so good. She wanted to make the trip. She said, Dad, can I go with you? She actually said, Daddy, can I go with you? I like that, right? Daddy, can I go with you? I said, yes, you can.
Where you going? North Dakota. Said, oh, I like North Dakota. Hi, honey. (Applause.) Say something, baby.
MS. TRUMP: Hi, North Dakota. (Applause.) We love this state, so it’s always a pleasure to be back here. And you treated us very, very well in November and have continued to, so we like sharing the love back. Thank you. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, honey. Thanks, baby. Come. (Applause.)
And she means it, believe me.
Since my very first day in office, I’ve moved at record pace -- and really we have gone at a record pace -- to eliminate the barriers that have been holding back our economy. You've seen it -- so many jobs, the stock market is at new highs. We're getting rid of one job-killing regulation after another. We've lifted the restrictions on shale oil. We've lifted those restrictions on energy of all types. We're putting our miners back to work. We've cancelled restrictions on oil and natural gas. We’ve ended the EPA intrusion into your jobs and into your lives. (Applause.) And we're refocusing the EPA on its core mission: clean air and clean water. (Applause.)
That's what I want -- clean air. Think of it. We talk about the -- I want beautiful clean air, and I want crystal-clean water, right? That's what we want.
In order to protect American industry and workers, we withdrew the United States from the job-killing Paris Climate Accord. Job killer. People have no idea. (Applause.) Many people have no idea how bad that was.
And right here in North Dakota, the Dakota Access Pipeline is finally open for business. (Applause.) Now, what other politician, if elected President, would have done that one? They would have stayed so far away. And I did it immediately, and I didn't even do it in that case for jobs. It was the right thing to do. And that is flowing now beautifully. So it was the right thing to do. (Applause.)
We opened it despite so many people that were on the other side calling and asking for this not to happen: Please, we don't want it to happen. I said, why? They didn't know. There was no -- they just didn't want it to happen.
So I did that. I also did Keystone. You know about Keystone. (Applause.) Another other one, big one -- big. First couple of days in office, those two -- 48,000 jobs. Tremendous thing. I think environmentally better. I really believe that -- environmentally better.
So I’m keeping my promises to the American people. I do what’s right. That's all. I just do what’s right. I don't think about it. I do what’s right. (Applause.)
We're seeing the results all across the country. Already, unemployment is near a 16-year low. African American unemployment is at its lowest point since almost the turn of the millennium. Wages are rising. Optimism among manufacturers is at an all-time high. That's something I’m very proud of. And they're moving back. (Applause.) I tell you, the companies are moving back. The car companies are coming back. They're going back into Ohio and Michigan and Pennsylvania, and lots of places -- Kentucky. Car companies -- they are moving back. They got to move back, because why should we be allowing other countries to make it -- sell their cars, no cost, just put them right through our borders, cause us unemployment? It's not happening that way, believe.
And it's going to be more and more so, because, you know, like you have to cut through red tape to do things? Hard to believe, I have to cut through red tape to do things too. They have it set. And I'll tell you, America is back -- and it's back right on track, where it should be. And it's happening day after day after day.
And we have certain areas where you have to give notice of 90 days before you can touch an act or before you can touch an executive order. Then you have to wait another 30 days, and then another 90 days. Well, believe me, all of those days are coming up and tremendous numbers of regulations have been cut.
But soon, you're going to see even more. And we're going to have regulation because regulation is not bad, but you don't need 25 times what you're supposed to have. So we're going to have sensible regulation. (Applause.)
But our country and our economy cannot take off like they should unless we reform America’s outdated, complex, and extremely burdensome -- I mean, this is so complicated and so burdensome -- our tax code.
Our painful tax system has become a massive barrier to America’s economic comeback. It really is; we're penalized. It costs us millions of American jobs, trillions of dollars, and billions of hours wasted on paperwork and on compliance. Our tax code is a giant self-inflicted economic wound.
In the last 10 years, our economy has grown at an average of only around 2 percent, and some would say less than that. When I talk to the leaders of other countries -- I speak to them all the time -- they're unhappy about seven or eight points of growth -- GDP. I spoke to a leader of a major, major country recently --big, big, country -- they say our country is very big, it's hard to grow. Well, believe me, this country is very big.
"How are you doing," I said. Because I have very good relationships -- believe it or not -- with the leaders of these countries. I said, "How are you doing?" He said, "Not good. Not good at all. Our GDP is 7 percent." I say, "7 percent." Then I speak to another one, "How are you doing?" "Not good. Not good. Our GDP is only 9 percent."
Our -- if you look at our number when we first got in, we were hitting one-percent numbers and nobody even talks about it. Well, last quarter, we hit 3 percent GDP. (Applause.) And I'll tell you what, a lot of that had to do with the cutting of the regulation, and I think a lot of it had to do with optimism. There's a lot of optimism now. People are starting business that they had no idea they were going to start a year ago.
If we sustain 3 percent growth instead of 2 percent -- only one point; and I think we have a long way to grow; I know we have a long way to grow -- that means 12 -- think of it, one point -- 12 million new jobs and $10 trillion of new economic activity over the next decade. Think of it -- $10 trillion. (Applause.)
And if we ever went to 4 percent, think of that, or 5 percent, or 6 percent -- let's see what happens. They were all sort of smiling when I said 3 percent. I must say, we came -- we hit the number faster than I thought, but we hit 3 percent last quarter.
If we want to renew our prosperity, restore our opportunity, and reestablish our economic dominance -- which is what we should be doing -- when we need tax reform that is pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-worker, pro-family, and, yes, pro-American. (Applause.) And anybody that is going to vote against tax cuts and tax reforms -- whether it's in North Dakota or anybody else, or anyplace else -- you got to vote against them and get them out of office because it is so bad. (Applause.) This is not a close one.
My administration is working with Congress to develop a plan that will deliver more jobs, higher pay, lower taxes for businesses of all sizes and middle-class families all across the nation. So it's not only business taxes, it's middle-income families, it's families at every level -- every level, tax cuts.
Our tax plan represents a sharp reversal from the failed policy of the past. America’s high tax rates punish companies for doing business in America and encourages them to move to other countries. That's why you see in so many states, including here for a period of time -- now people are starting to stay and companies are staying -- they'd leave for Mexico and for other places, just routinely.
Well, we've stopped it and we are stopping it. We're not going to let it happen. There has to be a price to pay when that happens; when they let our people go and that happens, and they think they can sell the product right back into the USA. There is going to be a big price to pay, and there has been, and that's why you're seeing a big change.
These Washington policies have pushed industries and companies offshore, who then import their goods back into America and lay off their workers in the process. We end up with nothing. Not going to happen.
My administration strongly rejects this offshoring model, and we've embraced a new model -- it's called the American model. Very simple: The American model. (Applause.)
Under the American model, we're reducing the burdens of our businesses -- as long as they do business in our country. We want them to do business -- made in the USA -- we want them to do business in our country. We want our companies to hire and grow in America, to raise wages for American workers, and to help rebuild our American cities and towns. That is how we will all succeed and grow together -- as one team, one people, and one American family. It's love. One American family. (Applause.)
We're going to go get into great detail over the next two weeks, but we're working on it with Congress now, and coming up with very exacting numbers. But here are my four basic principles for tax reform:
First, we need a tax code that is simple, fair, and easy to understand -- unlike what we have. (Applause.) Our tax code has gotten ridiculously complex. This complexity leads to massive frustration, wasted time, and wasted money. Lots of wasted money.
Today, the average taxpayer has to wade through 241 pages of instructions to file a basic tax form. Does anyone know that? Two hundred and forty-one pages. A staggering 94 percent of the families need professional help to do their taxes -- they have to get it -- which is why the tax preparation industry generated $10 billion in revenues last year. That's one business I want to drive down. Sorry. (Laughter and applause.) H&R Block will not be supporting Donald Trump, I can tell you. (Laughter.)
Taxpayers spend 6 billion hours each year complying with the tax code. That's why we are proposing dramatic tax simplification. Under our plan, 95 percent of Americans will be able to file their tax returns on a single page without having to keep receipts, fill out schedules, or track endless paperwork. We're giving hardworking Americans their time back, and we're giving them their money back. (Applause.)
Second, we will cut taxes for middle-class families. This is a major, major tax cut -- the biggest since Ronald Reagan. (Applause.) The pipefitters and plumbers, and nurses, and police officers -- all the people like you who pour their hearts into every penny earned in both the offices and oilfields of America -- you're the ones who carry this nation on your back, and it's time for you to get the relief that you deserve. It's enough. It's enough. (Applause.)
That's why our tax plan will reduce taxes for our middle class, and allow them to keep more of their own money -- keep that hard-earned money where you can spend it the way you want to spend it, or guess what? You can also save it. Nothing wrong with that. But it's your money, not the government's money. (Applause.)
So we will provide tax relief to middle-income families through a combination of benefits, such as raising their standard deduction, increasing the child tax credit, and lowering tax rates substantially. (Applause.)
Third, we need a tax code that restores our competitive edge so we can create more jobs and higher wages for American workers. Our plan will provide tax relief to businesses of all sizes. And we will cut the business tax rate as much as possible. Ideally, we would like to bring our business tax rate down to around 15 percent. That's a tremendous drop. (Applause.)
All told, it will be the greatest tax reduction in the history of our country. Greater than ever before. So that's going to be something. You'll see a rocket ship. You will see something happen like you've never seen.
But we'll also dramatically reduce the tax rate for America’s small businesses which have created more than 60 percent of new private-sector jobs in the recent past. Tax relief is on the way for millions of sole proprietors, LLCs, and partnerships who report their income to their personal -- and they do this -- they put it on their personal tax returns. People think of it as a business, but it's on their personal tax returns. Those people, with those businesses, will be tremendous beneficiaries. (Applause.) Sounds like many of you have those businesses.
Tax reform will also benefit mid-sized businesses, like North Dakota Guaranty and Title Company in Mandan. You know that company, anybody? (Applause.) President Nick Hacker -- where's Nick Hacker? Hello, Nick. How are you, Nick? How's business? All right? Getting better all the time.
He says that he spends a fortune on accountants to navigate our complicated tax system. We know the feeling; everybody here knows the feeling. Like millions of other American businesses, he would much rather spend that money on higher wages for his 140 employees.
Workers in the energy sector -- thank you. You have a lot of friends here, Nick. (Laughter.) The workers in the energy sector will benefit enormously as well. North Dakota State Senator Jessica Unruh -- where's Jessica? Where's Jessica? (Applause.) Hello, Jessica. Congratulations. Doing a good job, right? That's what I hear -- who is also an environmental specialist says lower business taxes will be a catalyst for energy companies to hire countless of new American workers. So important.
We’ll also protect small businesses and family farmers here in North Dakota and across the country by ending the death tax. (Applause.) Tremendous burden for the family farmer. Tremendous burden.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Thank you, Donald Trump!
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, appreciate it. But a tremendous burden for small businesses and businesses that aren't necessarily liquid, but they're great businesses -- where you're forced to sell and terrible things happen.
Here with us today is Julie Ellingson, a fourth-generation cattle rancher and a mother of five from Bismarck. Where is Julie? Hello, Julie. (Applause.)
Like many family ranchers, Julie worries about the death tax shutting down her family business and keeping her from passing it on to her children. It’s a devastating tax. Julie: We are not going to allow the death tax or the inheritance tax or the whatever-you-want-to-call-it to crush the American Dream. Not going to let it happen, so -- fighting hard. (Applause.) Thank you, Julie.
Ronald Reagan proved that cutting taxes on American businesses helps American workers win in the world marketplace. When President Reagan lowered taxes, American businesses beat out our foreign competition. Our economy boomed, the middle class thrived, and median family income increased.
But then Washington stood by while other countries adopted our playbook. But they did it even better than us. They lowered their tax rates and reformed their tax systems to be more competitive substantially than that of the United States of America. And America went from leading the pack to following way behind.
Now our business tax rate is the highest in the developed world -- 60 percent higher than our foreign competitors. Pretty bad. Puts us at a big disadvantage. We’re behind France, behind Germany, behind Canada, Japan, Ireland, Mexico, behind South Korea. We’re dead last.
Our high business tax is nothing more than a crushing tax on every product made in America. We have totally surrendered our competitive edge to other countries. But we're not surrendering any more. (Applause.)
We’re going to reduce the tax rate on American business so they can keep our jobs in America, create jobs in America, and compete for workers right here in America, meaning higher wages and greater profits for companies. (Applause.) It’s finally time to give the American worker a pay raise. That's what we're going to do. (Applause.)
And finally, we must bring back trillions of dollars in wealth that's parked overseas and just can't come back. Our tax system penalizes companies that bring wealth they have earned overseas back to America. As a result, corporations have parked trillions of dollars in foreign countries -- money that could be and should be brought back into the United States where it can be invested in America companies, in American jobs, and American workers.
Our tax plan will give these companies a chance to bring back these funds -- and bring them back and spend it in cities and towns all across our country. The numbers you're talking about are staggering. (Applause.)
The numbers we're talking about are probably between $3.5 trillion and $5 trillion that cannot come back into our -- and think of it, the Democrats want it to come back. The Republicans want it to come back. They have for years, and nothing gets done. We're going to get it done. (Applause.)
We’re going to be switching from a worldwide tax system that encourages companies to keep their funds offshore to a territorial system that encourages companies to bring their profits back home to America where that money belongs. It is our time to invest in our country. We want to build our communities, and we want to build beautiful new ones. And we want to rebuild the old ones. And we want to hire -- and you may have heard the term once or twice before -- the fact is we want to -- just like that beautiful man’s hat -- we want to make America great again. Good hat. (Applause.)
This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to reform taxes, rebuild our economy, and restore America’s competitive edge. History has proven time and time again that there is no power on Earth more awesome and unstoppable than the will of the American people. You saw that on November 8th. Believe me, you saw that on November 8th. (Applause.)
If you demand it, and if you call up people in Congress -- good people, sometimes maybe not the right intention, but good people -- Congress will deliver on it because they have no choice. So you have to call your congressmen. You have to call your senators. You have to make sure that they do what they have to do. And believe me, we haven’t given up on healthcare. We haven’t given up on healthcare. We never give up. (Applause.)
One vote. One vote. Think of it -- one vote. Terrible. A terrible situation took place that night. We can't let that happen again. We cannot let that happen again. But we’ll get it done one way or the other. But only if you demand it, only if you, the American people, tell Congress to stop putting party first and start putting America first. Only then will it happen. (Applause.)
You can remind them that both of the Reagan tax cuts were passed by a Democratic majority in the House, a Democratic Speaker, and a vast majority of Democrats in the Senate, including a Democratic senator from the great state of North Dakota. So it can happen. (Applause.)
You listening, Heidi? Yes, Heidi is listening. Yeah, she heard that. Thank you, Heidi. We're not going to put her on the spot. I'm not putting her on the spot. (Laughter.)
If Democrats don't want to bring back your jobs, cut your taxes, raise your pay, and help America win, voters should deliver a clear message: Do your job to deliver for America, or find a new job. Do something else. Just do something else. (Applause.)
I'm asking all Americans -- Republican, Democrat, and independent -- to join with me, with each other, to demand tax cuts and tax reform that will put America first. We're going to put America first. It's time. (Applause.)
We no longer have to accept a tax code that lets special interests win at the expense of the middle class. We no longer have to accept a rigged system -- you know all about rigged systems; we talked about that plenty of times in the campaign. You think anything is so different? But we're going to make it different. We're going to get that straightened out too -- that rewards companies for shipping jobs overseas, and punishes them for investing in America. They actually get punished under the tax code for investing in our country.
It's going to all change. We can heal this self-inflicted wound and we can reestablish our economic dominance all over the world. We can give our workers the level playing field they deserve, and they will win. Because if the fight is fair, no one on Earth can beat the American worker or the American company -- nobody, nobody. (Applause.)
When we do, store shelves all across the country -- those shelves, they're going to be so packed -- all around the world will be lined once again with products proudly bearing the words: Made in the USA.
So do you remember, when we were growing up, it was either "Made in America" or "Made in the USA"? What do you like better? Ready? "Made in America." "Made in the USA." What do you like? (Applause.)
You like "Made in the USA"? (Applause.) Seems to be. We should pick one or the other, probably. (Laughter.) But we want to have one or the other. I think "Made in the USA," right? "Made in the USA." (Applause.)
There was such pride in that label, such incredible pride. And it's coming back again. Believe me, it's coming, because the quality of what we do is second to none.
If America comes together, if the people speak with one voice, we will bring back our jobs, we will bring back our wealth, and for every citizen across our great land, we will bring back the American Dream. Bring it back.
I want to thank the people of North Dakota who have been so incredible to me. I have so many friends here. I have so many people that I respect from this incredible state. I want to thank you. I want to say God bless you, God bless the American worker, and God bless the United States of America. And I appreciate you being out here today. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you very much.
END
4:00 P.M. CDT4:10 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. I'm pleased to be here with Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan, and the two leaders of our tax-writing committee, Chairman Orrin Hatch and Chairman Kevin Brady, who have been working on tax reform for months with our Secretary of the Treasury Steven Mnuchin and Gary Cohn, our National Economic Council Director.
Since the day I took office, we've added 1.2 million private sector jobs, and a lot more than that if you go from the time we actually got elected, November 8th, including 125,000 manufacturing jobs. And we just had another very good month for manufacturing and the jobs. You probably all saw that.
But if we're going to keep this momentum going and allow the economy to truly take off as it should, it is vital that we reduce the crushing tax burden on our companies and on our workers. We pay the highest tax of any country in the world on businesses and we can't keep doing that.
Last week, I repeated my principles for tax reform. First, we must make the tax code as simple as possible. It's extremely complex, it's not fair, and it's extremely hard to understand. So we want to make it as simple as possible.
Second, we must provide tax relief for middle-class workers and families.
Third, we must restore our competitive edge, which we've lost. We're doing fine, but we lost the competitive edge; you see what's going on all over the world. So we can have real job growth throughout America -- we can't be the jobs magnet of the world if we continue to tax our industries at rates 60 percent higher than companies in other countries. Can't do it.
And finally, we must bring back trillions of dollars that are currently parked overseas. We have, in my opinion, $4 trillion -- $4 trillion. Massive amounts of money that can't come back to our country because of our tax code and because of the rates.
And this is more than just tax reform,; this is tax cutting, to put it in a very simple term. We're going to cut taxes. We're going to reduce taxes for people, for individuals, for middle-income families. We are going to reduce taxes for our companies. And those companies are going to produce jobs.
Tax reform that follows these principles will create millions of new jobs and ensure that more products are stamped with the very beautiful letters and words: Made in the USA. It's time to lower our taxes, bring back our wealth, and make America the jobs magnet that it can become, and pretty quickly. It's really, in other words, an expression -- I don't know if too many of you have heard it -- it's time to make America great again. Has anybody heard that expression? (Laughter.)
So that's what we're doing. We're making America great again. You see it in the numbers, you see it with jobs, you see it with companies moving back in. They're moving back in at very, very big numbers. They're coming back into our country, and you haven't seen that for a long time. So we're very proud of that.
So we're now going to discuss tax reform and tax cuts, and I appreciate you being here. Thank you everybody, very much. Thank you.
Q Mr. President, how is you DACA position treating DREAMers "with heart"?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I have a great heart for the folks we're talking about -- a great love for them. And people think in terms of children, but they're really young adults. I have a love for these people, and hopefully now Congress will be able to help them and do it properly.
And I can tell you, in speaking to members of Congress, they want to be able to do something and do it right. And really, we have no choice. We have to be able to do something, and I think it's going to work out very well. And long-term, it's going to be the right solution.
Thank you very much everybody.
END
4:14 P.M. EDTFirst Church of Pearland
Pearland, Texas
1:39 P.M. CDT
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much, Governor. And I want to congratulate the governor. I want to congratulate everybody that has worked so hard. It's been an incredible five days, six days. This was -- seems like it's much longer than that, but actually it's going so well that it's going fast, in a certain sense.
But I want to tell -- so many of you are faith-based, and I want to just tell you that tomorrow we have National Prayer Day, and that was an official proclamation. (Applause.)
So we have a very special day. They haven't done that -- Ted, I don't think they've done that for a while in our country, but now we've done it. So tomorrow is a very big day. So go to your church and pray and enjoy the day, and congratulations. Congratulations on that.
I want to thank Ted Cruz -- Senator Ted Cruz -- for working so hard with us. (Applause.) And Ted doesn't know, but his work is just starting now, right? We have to push that stuff through. But we will. We signed some very big authorizations last night and we'll get it through.
And Brock -- come here a minute, Brock. What a job you've done. What a job. Thank you very much. (Applause.) Thank you.
And the water is disappearing, and though we do -- we have a long way to go, but the water is disappearing. And you look at the neighborhoods, and you see it's -- we just rode through this and, two days ago, even yesterday, they had water. And today, it's all swept up and cleaned up, and you've got a lot of hardworking people, I'll tell you that. (Applause.) A lot of hardworking people.
So I want to thank everybody for being here. You know Ben Carson. Come here, Ben. The great Ben Carson. (Applause.) And Elaine Duke.
And who likes schools? Because we have the finest person in the world for schools. Come here, Betsy. (Applause.) She just had a full-page story today in the Wall Street Journal which was actually a very good story. Did you like it?
And David -- thank you -- from the VA. David Shulkin. (Applause.)
And most importantly, the real boss of the family, right? Come on up here. Come. This is the real boss. Thank you. (Applause.)
I just have to say and I was just telling Ted, you have a great governor and a great first lady of Texas. Special people. (Applause.) They have worked so hard and the coordination between the federal and the state and the local has been terrific. And we're going to keep it going that way. If anything, we'll even get it -- I don't know if it gets better, but we're going to try and make it better.
But I just have to say this -- the cameras are blazing, I have to say it -- you have a great, great governor. And he's done a fantastic job. (Applause.) So on behalf of Melania and myself, I want to thank you, Governor, for everything you have done. And First Lady, thank you very much. So nice, so good.
FIRST LADY ABBOTT: Thank you for being here.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much. I appreciate it.
And it's really -- David, seeing something like what has happened here -- you know, David has taken the Veterans Administration -- the VA -- and he has done so many things for the veterans and such. We've really been here eight months, if you think about it. (Applause.) And they now have choice, which is such a big thing.
You know, you used to read -- and for those of you that aren't vets, frankly -- and we have a lot of vets in the room, I know, but you used to wait in line for nine days, fourteen days. Ted knows very well. And now, Ted, as you know, he has a program of choice where they don't have to do that. They go to a doctor and we take care of it. But it's faster.
It's actually -- probably, in the end, it will be less expensive, if you think about it. And people that can be fixed up perfectly in a matter of minutes -- I mean, in some cases, bad, bad things happen to them because they couldn't get to see a doctor. Now they see their doctor. They see a doctor of their choice. But they go out and they get great medical care quickly, Governor. It's the way you would do it, I know that. (Applause.)
And really, for years, as a civilian -- I don't know if I've ever said this -- I used to sit back and say, I wonder why they don't do this. It's not like so complicated, right? I'd read these horrible stories about our great people, our great veterans standing on a line and waiting for weeks to get to just see a doctor. And they have some great doctors in the VA, some really talented doctors --
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: -- the problem is, you just can't -- oh, somebody said thank you. Sounds like -- are you a doctor in the VA or do you see what we're doing? Thank you and I appreciate that. So we're doing it, and we're really proud of it.
And, Ben, you are doing a spectacular job -- really spectacular -- with HUD, and brought a lot of spirit. (Applause.) Ben has brought a lot of spirit to HUD, I can tell you that. I know it very well.
And Betsy, again, thank you very much. Thank you everybody.
And Governor, congratulations on doing a real job. And I'll give you another congratulations in about one week because that will be that other.
And then it's a long-term. I mean, we're talking about -- they say two years, three years. I think that, you know, because this is Texas, you'll probably do it in six months, I have a feeling, right? (Applause.) Now I think for a lot of places, maybe it never gets done, right? I think in your case, it'll get done very quickly.
Thank you everybody. Again, National Prayer Day tomorrow. And a real honor to be with you all. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Ted. Thank you, Brock. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
1:46 P.M. CDT1:28 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. The First Lady and I are pleased to welcome Gail McGovern of the American Red Cross, David Hudson of the Salvation Army, and Kevin Ezell of Southern Baptist Disaster Relief. These people have been absolutely incredible at what they've done.
I would like to thank them, and their staff and volunteers for the incredible work they're doing and in helping people affected by Hurricane Harvey. Sounds like a very innocent name but it's not an innocent hurricane, that I can tell you. It's of epic proportion.
These organizations and the many other non-profits involved represent the generosity, determination, and unbreakable spirit of the American people.
And Mike Pence was there yesterday and represented his country so well, in the love and the care, and I had so many just great comments about your visit, so I appreciate it.
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Thank you Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: When a disaster strikes, they work to help others in the time of need, which was over the last week, believe me. They've already provided tens of thousands of displaced Gulf Coast residents with meals, water, shelter, fresh blankets, and clean clothing.
When one American suffers -- and I say this quite a bit, especially lately, when you see what's going on -- we all suffer. We're one American family brought together in times of tragedy by the unbreakable bonds of love and loyalty that we have for one another. And there is a great love and a great loyalty in this country, and I think we've all seen it, maybe more so than ever before over the last four days. So I think we really have seen it. Nowhere is our unity more evident than in the actions of our volunteer and charitable organizations that rally to their neighbors' aid when disaster strikes.
The people of Texas and Louisiana were hit very hard by a historic flood. In their response, they have taught us all a lesson -- a very, very powerful lesson: There was no outbreak in crime. There was an outbreak of compassion only -- real beautiful, strong compassion. And they've really inspired us as a nation. To be honest, they've inspired the world, because the world is watching.
We're pleased to receive an update from Gail, David, and Kevin on the work of the Red Cross, Salvation Army, and the Southern Baptist Disaster Relief. The federal government is on the ground bringing in significant resources to bear. And I want to assure these organizations and the others involved that we will continue to coordinate with them and bring all of the relief and the comfort and everything else that we absolutely can to the Gulf Coast.
And I want to also thank the Governor and Lieutenant Governor of Texas. They have been outstanding. Just the coordination and the level of relationship has been, I think, pretty much unprecedented. So I just want to thank them. I want to thank all of the folks working on the ground for the administration. Tom Bossert is here today. Tom, thank you very much, we appreciate it. Every American heart is with the people of Texas and Louisiana. They're strong and resilient, and they have really overcome.
And we're in the process of just about, where I can I say, overcome this horrible devastation. Now it's going back to work, but the Coast Guard in particular, I have to also thank. They saved probably thousands of lives -- we were just talking about it -- going onto seas that very few people would want to be on in the worst of times, when they were saving a lot of people out there.
Together, we will help them all recover from this tragedy. We'll renew our hope and community, and we'll renew our hope and rebuild those homes, and businesses, and schools, and places of worship where the strength and vigor that comes from the love within our souls.
And I just authorized and signed a proclamation for prayer. And we're going to have, on Sunday, a prayer Sunday. And, Mike, that was something that was very special, just took place. So I think it's going to be something to see and to witness. It's been a long time. And our country deserves it right now.
I want to thank my wife, Melania, the First Lady. She's been so involved in this and helping so much. And so I want to thank you. Would you like to say a few words to start off?
MRS. TRUMP: It’s great to be here with amazing people, and I want to thank all the volunteers all across the country dedicated to help to Texas -- and fantastic job. And we're going tomorrow to visit them, and I just want to tell them to be strong and everything will be okay.
THE PRESIDENT: See, I didn't tell her I was going to do that, Stewart. And she did a great job. (Laughter.) But she really has; she’s been so dedicated to this. This has very much affected her, what’s happened in Texas and neighboring states, frankly.
So I want thank you, First Lady. Thank you.
Salvation Army.
COMMISSIONER HUDSON: Yes, well, we're first of all very appreciative of this opportunity, appreciative of our partners in service. We are working hand-in-hand with groups like the Red Cross, where they provide shelter for people, and we're able to provide meals. And even though we're limited in being able to get in to a lot of the impacted areas, we've already served hundreds of thousands of meals, and literally millions of meals will be served.
And we can only do this as we partner together. And as I’ve told my coworkers, this is a time that we're all Texans. And no matter where you're from, we're all about serving Americans in need. And I’d like to thank you, Mr. President, the Red Cross, and the Baptists and all the other agencies that partner with us. Together we can make a difference.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. That's very nice.
Southern Baptists.
MR. EZELL: We're three different organizations, but we work best as one. And the joy of this is we really do lock arms and have the capacity to feed over 400,000 people a day. And, Mr. President, thank you for FEMA. They've been incredible through this. We've gone through many disasters, and they've done just a fantastic job stepping to the plate and being prepared and allowing us to volunteer (inaudible).
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I think we should thank Brock Long and all of the people at FEMA, and the people at Homeland and, I have to say General Kelly, who has been so much involved. As you know he just left, and he’s now in the White House. But his spirit and anything else that's been involved over the last few weeks getting ready. Because, really, this has been probably now almost two weeks since we felt that it was probably going to hit that area. But General Kelly has done a fantastic job. And Elaine Duke has been terrific. So I want to thank all of our folks.
Red Cross, how are we doing?
MS. McGOVERN: Sir, first of all, our hearts go out the people of Texas, and on behalf of the entire American Red Cross, so many people have lost everything and presented in our shelters with just the clothes on their back. I visited one of the shelters outside of Austin, and it housed about 200 people. And I had the opportunity to call to all the families -- everyone from a six-month-old baby to a 6’8” man -- and everybody in between.
And you heard stories of heartbreak and heartache. But the one thing that I hadn’t seen in the nine years that I’ve been with the American Red Cross is the incredible resiliency of the American people. They are bound and determined to build back, and there are about 40,000 people in our shelters right now across the state of Texas. And our volunteers are pouring in, giving them comfort, hope. We served about 390,000 meals and snacks. And the incredible thing is our partners are there. They are getting the hot meals into our hands so that we can serve them.
Government has just been phenomenal. And when we had a hard time getting our volunteers in, the city gave us dump trucks so we could get volunteers and cots in. The Department of Defense gave us high-water vehicles -- 20 of them -- so we could break in and bring needed supplies.
So I’m just so appreciative of the teamwork. I’m appreciative of your support. And again, our hearts go out to the people of Texas.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Very nice. 390,000 --
MS. McGOVERN: Meals and snacks.
THE PRESIDENT: And that's up until now. Just up to -- as of last night.
THE PRESIDENT: You'll be doubling that. That's a tremendous job.
MS. McGOVERN: I’m quite sure we will.
THE PRESIDENT: Tremendous job.
Mike, would you like to say something?
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Just, Mr. President, having -- I just returned from southeast Texas yesterday. We heard the resilience, the character, and the faith of the people of east Texas. We heard their gratitude to you and the First Lady for the administration’s support, for your compassion, your admiration for our first responders from FEMA, down to local leadership.
But I also heard, Mr. President, about their gratitude for volunteer organizations that have literally been there from the very outset of this storm. And I want to thank you and the First Lady for taking the opportunity to call attention to the Salvation Army and the Red Cross and Southern Baptist Disaster Relief.
Anyone looking on should know that while the federal government is going to be there at your direction, we’ll be seeking resources from the Congress to make sure that disaster relief is available for individuals and businesses. Literally, the work of meeting people’s human needs each and every day will take all of us, and these volunteer organizations need resources and they need people.
And I would just add, Mr. President, that anyone looking on can go to NVOAD.org -- it’s our website where all these organizations are listed. People can find out how they can be supportive of national volunteer organizations that at this very hour, and for weeks and months ahead, will be coming alongside families as they rebuild their lives.
THE PRESIDENT: That's good. Thank you, Mike. Thank you very much.
This is just some of the locations that over a very short period of time, they and others have managed to go to some of these locations, as you know very well. Some of the press has been there, and I will say they are devastated. Two days ago there was water like nobody has ever seen before. I guess in the history of our country we've never had an amount of water like we've had. And yet you were able to occupy all of these different locations and take care of people -- you and the others.
So we want to just thank you. That's really a special, special job. Thank you all very much. Appreciate it.
Q Do you think DACA is illegal? Do you think DACA is illegal? (Inaudible) later today, possibly?
THE PRESIDENT: We’ll be releasing on DACA sometime over the weekend, probably Sunday, Saturday. Latest will be Monday. Great feeling for DACA.
Q Do you think it’s illegal? DACA is illegal -- is that your sense?
Q Sir, will you be making the spending request today?
THE PRESIDENT: Oh, we'll be making a request. Absolutely. For the state of Texas, yes -- and Louisiana.
And tomorrow I’m going to Louisiana with the First Lady, and Texas. So it will be Texas, Louisiana.
Thank you, everybody.
END
1:40 P.M. EDT12:55 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Americans have always come to the aid of their fellow countrymen. Friend helping friend, neighbor helping neighbor, stranger helping stranger -- we’ve seen it perhaps more so than at any time, so vividly at least, during Hurricane Harvey.
From the beginning of our nation, Americans have joined together in prayer during times of great need to ask for God’s blessing and God’s guidance. When we look across Texas and Louisiana, we see the American spirit of service embodied by countless men and women.
Brave first responders have rescued those stranded in drowning cars and rising water, and I have to tell you that I’ve watched the Coast Guard -- thousands of lives have been saved by our great Coast Guard. They have done incredible work in the most vicious seas that they’ve seen in many, many years.
Families have given food and shelter to those in need. Houses of worship have organized efforts to clean up communities and repair damaged homes. People have never seen anything quite like this. Individuals of every background are striving for the same goal: to aid and comfort people facing devastating losses. As Americans, we know that no challenge is too great for us to overcome -- no challenge.
We invite all Americans to join us as we continue to pray for those who have lost family members and friends, and for those who are suffering from this great crisis.
And behind me, we have faith-based people who are highly respected, and especially so in their communities where they’re not only respected, but they’re loved -- evangelical leaders, Christian leaders -- many people of faith. And I just want to thank you all for being with us today because we’re going to be signing a Day of Prayer, and that will be on Sunday. It will be a very special day. And I don’t know when this was done last, but it’s been a longtime coming. It’s been a longtime coming.
So I’m going to sign it, and then a few of the folks will say a few words, and Pastor Jeffress will say a prayer for not only the people so affected -- so horribly affected by Hurricane Harvey, but for the people of the nation and, in fact, the people of our world.
(The proclamation is signed.) (Applause.)
Would somebody like to say a word or two to these very lovely people gathered before us?
PASTOR MULLINS: Mr. President, we want to thank you for your leadership and for declaring this Day of Prayer that we desperately need in our nation.
I was talking with some of the faith leaders on the ground in Houston today who are diligently working to not only rescue and help recover and restore these families. And they commented on the great cooperation that they’re experiencing both from the local, state, and federal levels, and they wanted to send their heartfelt gratitude to you and to all of your team for the difference we’re making in these people’s lives.
So thank you for your leadership.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. That’s very nice.
PASTOR MULLINS: Thank you. Thank you, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you.
MR. REED: Mr. President, I think it goes without saying that in a moment like this, we all come together as Americans, we all bow to almighty God, we ask for his grace and his mercy over those who are affected. And we thank you, the Vice President, and your entire team -- FEMA -- everything you’re doing to deploy every resource of government to help those who have been affected.
And most of all, Mr. President, we thank you for acknowledging that ultimately it is God who is the source of our unity as Americans, and I thank you for issuing this proclamation.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you.
PARTICIPANT: Mr. President, people of faith of all backgrounds know that prayer changes things. And a great work is done by anyone who calls a nation to prayer. If we want to give you thanks for calling us to prayer -- because no matter where we are, across whatever spectrum, we know that prayer changes things, and it unites a nation.
So thank you, sir, for uniting our nation and calling us to prayer.
PASTOR JACKSON: I just wanted to add that, in our community, we have been praying. We started a 40-day fast for the healing of America and the solemn protection of God. There are some things that we have to make -- not diminishing your office -- but in appeals to a higher source. We've got to look to heaven. He will empower us, strengthen you, and give you wisdom.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you.
Don't be shy. Since when are you shy?
MR. BAUER: (Laughter.) I'm not shy, Mr. President. Mr. President, this is a great moment. The country has a lot of challenges; you know that as President. To ask the country to turn back to God, to pray, is just an incredible thing for a President to do. I guess George Washington was the first one to do it.
A lot of Americans may have forgotten that the country was built on a moral idea. The second paragraph of the Declaration of Independence -- I know you know it: All men are created equal, endowed by their Creator -- that's God -- with certain unalienable rights, among these are right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
That's what makes this a shining city that you're the honored President of, and reminding the American people that is amazing.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much. I very much appreciate it. Anybody else? Anybody else?
MR. PAGE: Well, thank you, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: From the beginning. Go ahead.
MR. PAGE: Yes, indeed. Thank you so much for your personal gift to the victims and our Southern Baptists and evangelicals and people of all faiths and no faith are out there helping one another.
And we appreciate your example in going tomorrow to show the presence -- something called ministry of presence. Sometimes it just means something to be there for people, and I appreciate you already having been there and you're going again. I just deeply appreciate that, and it shows a connection with the people that is so needed. So I just personally want to say thank you. On behalf of Southern Baptists and Americans, thank you, Mr. President.
PASTOR WHITE: I just thank you, sir, for calling on our nation to God, and it's been an honor to not only know you for 16 years, but to serve with your faith leaders. And you say that you always have put God first and you challenge us and continue to challenge us as you lead us. We thank you for your personal works. And this, I do believe, is a new beginning for us.
As we look forward, we are going to see great things come. Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you.
Pastor Jeffress, a prayer?
PASTOR JEFFRESS: Let's pray together, may we?
(A prayer is offered.)
THE PRESIDENT: Beautiful. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Q A decision on DACA, Mr. President? Can we expect one --
THE PRESIDENT: Sometime today or over the weekend we'll make a decision.
Q Should DREAMers be worried?
THE PRESIDENT: We love the DREAMers. We love everybody.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: We'll issue it sometime over the weekend. Maybe this afternoon.
Q Will you sign emergency funding --
THE PRESIDENT: We're working on emergency funding. We're doing everything we can and we're working very well with the Governor, who has done a terrific job.
Q What do you say to the DREAMers who are scared right now, who feel like they're going to be (inaudible)?
THE PRESIDENT: We think the DREAMers are terrific. Thank you.
END
1:05 P.M. EDTYour browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript:
My fellow Americans,
The heartbreaking devastation and suffering caused by Hurricane Harvey has profoundly affected our entire nation. Many homes and communities have been destroyed, many lives have been upended, and tragically, some have lost their lives in this catastrophic storm.
We pray for the victims and their families—and all of those who have been displaced from their homes.
At this very moment, heroic efforts continue to keep safe those threatened by this natural disaster.
I want to say a special word of thanks to our amazing first responders—our police and law enforcement officers, firefighters, Coast Guard, National Guard, EMS, doctors, nurses, hospital workers, and volunteers who have traveled from all across the country. Thousands of people have come together to prevent loss of life and ensure safety, and we are incredibly grateful for their courage, their professionalism, and their sacrifice.
They are an inspiration to all of us.
To the people affected by Hurricane Harvey: we are with you every single step of the way. We will help you recover. We will help you rebuild. We will support you today, tomorrow, and the day after.
We have been working closely with local authorities, and I remain in close communication with Governor Abbott of Texas and Governor Edwards of Louisiana.
At the request of Governor Abbott, I declared a major disaster in the State of Texas to ensure that federal aid is available for state and local recovery efforts. I also approved a disaster declaration for Louisiana.
Organizations like the Red Cross, the Salvation Army, and faith-based organizations are actively assisting on the ground and they are doing a fantastic job. I want to recognize the millions of citizens across the country who are contributing in every way they can—with their time, their resources, and their prayers.
When one part of America hurts, we all hurt. When we see neighbors in need, we rush to their aid. We don't ask their names or where they are from—we help our fellow Americans every single time.
This is the spirit of America. It is exactly what I saw while in Texas this week—a spirit of love, determination, and resolve. A spirit, that even when wounded, never gives up—never gives in—never loses hope. We just keep fighting—we just keep pushing on, for the people we love, and for the nation we call home.
All American hearts are with the people of Texas and Louisiana. We mourn and pray and struggle through the hardships—together.
We know that a long and difficult path lies ahead to get our neighbors back in their homes and on their feet. But we also know that we are stronger than the obstacles in our path. Arm-in-arm, we will strive, we will endure, and we will emerge stronger than ever before.
Thank you. God Bless You. And God Bless the United States of America.Loren Cook Compan
Springfield, Missouri
1:41 P.M. CDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.) Thank you very much. It's so nice. And we appreciate it. And all of the people outside that were waving proudly the American flag -- believe me, we appreciate it very much.
I want to thank Jerry Cook, Steve Burney -- (applause) -- and all of the tremendous employees here at the Loren Cook Company for hosting us today. Where is Jerry? Where is Jerry? (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you, Jerry. What a job. I've heard so much about you. It's a great honor to know you, Jerry. Thank you.
I also want to welcome the many distinguished guests who are here with us for this very important event: Secretary of the Treasury, Steve Mnuchin. (Applause.) Thank you, Steve. Secretary of Commerce, Wilbur Ross. (Applause.) Small Business Administrator -- which, by the way, is a very large business, I will tell you that -- Linda McMahon, a friend of mine. (Applause.) And from the purely political world, a really great friend who did such an incredible job with his beautiful wife at the inauguration, Senator Roy Blunt. Thank you. Thank you. (Applause.) Where's Roy? Thank you, Roy.
Governor Greitens is here, who is doing some job. (Applause.) Thank you, Governor. Special. Lieutenant Governor Parson. Lieutenant Governor, thank you, Lieutenant Governor. And our great members of Commerce [Congress], I want to thank you all for coming. There are so many. I was asking the Governor and Roy, I said, do you think I should announce them all? I have so many. But I'm honored that they're here.
Representative Sam Graves. (Applause.) Representative Vicky Hartzler, who has been terrific. (Applause.) My friend for a long time, and just somebody that he liked me from the beginning and I liked him, Billy Long. Where's Billy? (Applause.) Billy. Right, Billy? Right from the beginning. Blaine Luetkemeyer -- where's Blaine? Good. Thank you, Blaine. (Applause.) Representative Jason Smith. (Applause.) Jason, thank you for everything, Jason. Representative Ann Wagner. Hi, Ann. Good job, Ann. (Applause.)
And, I don’t know, we have so many more. Anybody I forgot? Right? Everything okay? Good, I got it. You, I remember more than anybody. Thank you all very much. I appreciate it. And to the congressmen and congresswomen, we very much appreciate you all being here. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
Before we begin, I’d like to take a few moments to discuss the deeply tragic situation in Texas and Louisiana. As we all know, our Gulf Coast was hit over the weekend with a devastating hurricane of historic proportion. Torrential rains and terrible flooding continue to pose a grave danger to life and to property. Our first responders have been doing absolutely heroic work to shepherd people out of harm’s way, and their courage and devotion has saved countless lives. They represent truly the very best of America. (Applause.)
We must be vigilant. We must protect the lives of our people. I was on the ground in Texas yesterday to meet with Governor Abbott -- who is doing, by the way, and incredible job -- and local officials so that we could coordinate the very big and unprecedented federal response.
In difficult times such as these, we see the true character of the American people: their strength, their love, and their resolve. We see friend helping friend, neighbor helping neighbor, and stranger helping stranger. And together, we will endure and we will overcome. (Applause.)
To those affected by this storm, we are praying for you and we are here with you every single step of the way. And I can speak, I know, for the people in this room -- every step of the way. (Applause.)
To those Americans who have lost loved ones: All of America is grieving with you, and our hearts are joined with yours forever. The citizens of Texas and the Gulf Coast need all the prayers, support, and resources our communities have to offer. Recovery will be tough, but I have seen the resilience of the American spirit firsthand, all over this country.
To the people of Houston, and across Texas and Louisiana: We are here with you today, we are with you tomorrow, and we will be with you every single day after to restore, recover, and rebuild.
As our thoughts and prayers remain firmly with the citizens and our fellow people -- people -- great, great people -- all affected by this tragedy. We're also glad to be back in the heartland with the very, very fine folks of Missouri. (Applause.)
And I said to Senator Blunt and I said to Billy Long on the plane coming in -- can I say "Missouri," or should I say "Missouruh"? Okay? And they said, whatever you want is okay. So I said, good. But I'm especially pleased to be here in Springfield, the birthplace of a great American icon, the legendary Route 66. Who would have known that? (Applause.)
This is the place where the "Main Street of America” got its start, and this is where America’s main street will begin its big, beautiful comeback that -- you are seeing it right now. This is a comeback of historic proportions. You're seeing it happen right now. (Applause.) Right? You're seeing it.
We're here today to launch our plans to bring back Main Street by reducing the crushing tax burden on our companies and on our workers. (Applause.) Our self-destructive tax code costs Americans millions and millions of jobs, trillions of dollars, and billions of hours spent on compliance and paperwork. And you have seen what's happening with regulations -- they're going fast. We need regulations, but many of them are unnecessary, and they're going fast. (Applause.)
That is why the foundation of our job creation agenda is to fundamentally reform our tax code for the first time in more than 30 years. I want to work with Congress, Republicans and Democrats alike, on a plan that is pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-worker -- and pro-American. (Applause.)
There is no more fitting place to launch this effort than right here in the American heartland, surrounded by hardworking men and women whose skill, determination, and drive are truly second to none. (Applause.)
And, by the way, before I start, Ivanka Trump -- I see my beautiful daughter is in the audience. Stand up, honey. (Applause.) She's working very hard. I'm very proud of Ivanka.
For many decades, Route 66 captured the American spirit. The communities along this historic route were a vivid symbol of America’s booming industry. Truck drivers hauled made-in-America goods along this vital artery of commerce. Families passed through bustling towns on their way to explore the great American West. And high-quality manufacturing jobs lifted up communities, gave Americans a paycheck that could support a family. Mr. Cook is a great example of the people that do it. (Applause.) Stand up. Stand up Mr. Cook. Stand up. (Applause.) I think they like you. And provided millions of our fellow citizens with the pride and dignity that comes with work.
But, in recent years, millions of Americans have watched that prosperity slip away in the rearview mirror. And it wasn't pleasant to watch, especially for me. I would sit back -- I was in business -- and I could see what was happening. It wasn't good.
If we want to renew our prosperity, and to restore opportunity, then we must reduce the tax burden on our companies and on our workers. (Applause.)
In the last 10 years, our economy has grown at only around two percent a year. If you look at other countries and you look at what their GDP is, they're unhappy when it's seven, eight, nine. And I speak to them -- leaders of the countries -- how are you doing? "Not well, not well." Why? "GDP is down to seven percent." And I'm saying, we were hitting one percent just a number of months ago. So we're going to change that around, folks, that I can tell you. And we're going change it around fast. (Applause.)
And today -- a very appropriate day that this should happen -- we just announced that we hit three percent in GDP. It just came out. (Applause.) And on a yearly basis, as you know, the last administration, during an eight-year period, never hit three percent. So we're really on our way.
If we achieve sustained three percent growth, that means 12 million new jobs and $10 trillion dollars of new economic activity over the next decade. That's some numbers. (Applause.) And I happen to be one that thinks we can go much higher than three percent. There's no reason why we shouldn’t. (Applause.)
So this is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to deliver real tax reform for everyday hardworking Americans, and I am fully committed to working with Congress to get this job done. And I don't want to be disappointed by Congress, do you understand me? Do you understand? (Applause.)
Congress -- I think Congress is going to make a comeback. I hope so. (Laughter.) I tell you what, the United States is counting on it. (Applause.)
Here are my four principles for tax reform: First, we need a tax code that is simple, fair, and easy to understand. (Applause.) That means getting rid of the loopholes and complexity that primarily benefit the wealthiest Americans and special interests.
Our last major tax rewrite was 31 years ago. It eliminated dozens of loopholes and special interest tax breaks, reduced the number of tax brackets from fifteen to two, and lowered tax rates for both individuals and businesses. At the time, it was really something special.
Since then, our tax laws have tripled in size, and the tax code itself now spans more than 2,600 pages, and most of it is not understandable. Tax rates have increased, and special interest loopholes have crept back into the system. The tax code is now a massive source of complexity and frustration for tens of millions of Americans.
In 1935, the basic 1040 form that most people file had two simple pages of instructions. Today, that basic form has one hundred pages of instructions, and it's pretty complex stuff. The tax code is so complicated that more than 90 percent of Americans need professional help to do their own taxes.
This enormous complexity is very unfair. It disadvantages ordinary Americans who don’t have an army of accountants while benefitting deep-pocketed special interests. And most importantly, this is wrong. (Applause.) Thank you.
First and foremost, our tax system should benefit loyal, hardworking Americans and their families. (Applause.) That is why tax reform must dramatically simplify the tax code, eliminate special interest loopholes -- and I'm speaking against myself when I do this, I have to tell you. And I might be speaking against Mr. Cook, and we're both okay with it, is that right? It's crazy. We're speaking -- maybe we shouldn't be doing this, you know? (Laughter.) But we're doing the right thing. (Applause.) True. And allow the vast majority of our citizens to file their taxes on a single, simple page without having to hire an accountant.
Second, we need a competitive tax code that creates more jobs and higher wages for Americans. It’s time to give American workers the pay raise that they've been looking for for many, many years. (Applause.)
In 1986, Ronald Reagan led the world by cutting our corporate tax rate to 34 percent. That was below the average rate for developed countries at the time. Everybody thought that was a monumental thing that happened. But then, under this pro-America system, our economy boomed. It just went beautifully -- right through the roof. The middle class thrived and median family income increased.
Other countries saw the success. They looked at us. They saw -- what is America doing? What's happening with the United States? And they acted very swiftly by cutting their taxes lower, and lower, and lower, and reforming their tax systems to be far more competitive than ours.
Over the past 30 years, the average business tax rate among developed nations fell from 45 percent to less than 24 percent. And some countries have an unbelievably low tax, including, by the way, China and some others that are highly competitive, and really doing very well against us. They are taking us, frankly, to the cleaners. So we must -- we have no choice -- we must lower our taxes.
And your Senator, Claire McCaskill, she must do this for you. And if she doesn't do it for you, you have to have to vote her out of office. (Applause.) She's got to make that commitment. She's got to make that commitment. If she doesn't do it, you just can't do this anymore, with the obstruction and the obstructionists. If we don't get tax cuts and reform approved, potentially, the biggest ever -- we are looking for the biggest ever -- jobs and our country cannot take off the way they should, and it could be much worse than that. But, at a minimum, they won't take off the way they should.
The Dems are looking to obstruct tax cuts and tax reform, just like they obstructed so many other things, including administration appointments and healthcare. Not one vote. We got not one vote to try and fix healthcare and get rid of Obamacare.
The strategy of our economic rivals has worked. They made their taxes lower -- and far lower, in many cases, than ours -- and jobs left our country. Large corporations changed their business models by exporting jobs to other countries and then shipping their goods back to the United States, where they'd make massive profits, and they wouldn’t be paying tax to us either. So we lost the jobs, we lost the taxes, they closed the buildings, they closed the plants and factories. We got nothing but unemployment. We got nothing.
Other businesses -- even classic American brands -- switched their headquarters to foreign countries. Because of this and other reasons, like weak borders, America remains stuck in the past. Although I have to tell you, we have General Kelly here today, and we stopped 78 percent -- going up to 80 percent -- on the border traffic coming through, in just a short period of time. (Applause.) He has done some job. A whole different world out there right now.
Today, we are still taxing our businesses at 35 percent, and it’s way more than that. And think of it: In some cases, way above 40 percent when you include state and local taxes, in various states. The United States is now behind France, behind Germany, behind Canada, Ireland, Japan, Mexico, South Korea, and many other nations. Also, with these countries and almost every country, we have massive trade deficits -- numbers that you would not believe.
But this administration is going to fix that. One by one, we're fixing it. We're working right now on NAFTA -- the horrible, terrible NAFTA deal that took so much business out of your state and out of your cities and towns, and we're working on it. Let's see what happens. (Applause.)
Mexico is not happy. (Laughter.) But as I told them, you made a lot of money for a lot of years and everybody left you alone. We got to change this deal. And hopefully we can renegotiate it. But if we can't, we'll terminate it and we'll start all over again with a real deal. (Applause.)
So when it comes to the business tax, we are dead last. Can you believe that? So this cannot be allowed to continue any longer. America must lead the way, not follow from behind.
We have gone from a tax rate that is lower than our economic competitors, to one that is more than 60 percent higher. We have totally surrendered our competitive edge to other countries. We have totally surrendered. We're not surrendering anymore. (Applause.)
Ideally -- and I say this for our Secretary of the Treasury -- we would like to bring our business tax rate down to 15 percent, which would make our tax rate lower than most countries, but still, by no means the lowest, unfortunately, in the world. But it would make us highly competitive.
In other words, foreign companies have more than a 60 percent tax advantage over American companies. They can pay their workers more, sell their products and services at lower cost, and still make more money than their U.S. competitors.
We cannot restore our wealth if we continue to put our businesses at such a tremendous disadvantage. We must reduce the tax rate on American businesses so they keep jobs in America, create jobs in America, and compete for workers right here in America -- the America we love. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you very much.
Because when businesses compete for labor, your wages will go up. Lower taxes on American business means higher wages for American workers, and it means more products made right here in the USA. (Applause.)
When I was growing up, I always used to see the signs, and it was always stamped on the product: Made in the USA. You don't see it anymore. We're going to go back to Made in the USA -- Made in the USA." (Applause.)
The third principle for tax reform is a crucial one: tax relief for middle-class families. (Applause.) In a way -- and I’ve been saying this for a long time -- they've been sort of the forgotten people, but they're not forgotten any longer. I can tell you that. (Applause.)
We will lower taxes for middle-income Americans so they can keep more of their hard-earned paychecks, and they can do lots of things with those paychecks. And that really means buying product ideally made in this country, but that means they’ll go out, and they’ll spend their money. And it will be a beautiful thing to watch. This includes helping parents afford childcare and the cost of raising a family. That's so important to Ivanka Trump. (Applause.) Very, very important to everybody in this room, but so important to my daughter. It’s one of her real big beliefs. And she’s very committed to that. Right, Ivanka?
We believe that ordinary Americans know better than Washington how to spend their own money, and we want to help them take home as much of their money as possible and then spend it. (Applause.) So they’ll keep their money. They’ll spend their money. They’ll buy our product. Our factories will be moving again. Companies are going to move back into our country, jobs are going to prosper, and our country is going to be just like it says on that beautiful red hat -- it says: Make America Great Again. That's what we're going to do. (Applause.) Right?
Fourth and finally, we want to bring back trillions of dollars in wealth that's parked overseas. Because of our high tax rate and horrible, outdated, bureaucratic rules, large companies that do business overseas will often park their profits offshore to avoid paying a high United States tax if the money is brought back home. So they leave the money over there.
The amount of money we're talking about is anywhere from $3 trillion to $5 trillion. Can you believe that? By making it less punitive for companies to bring back this money, and by making the process far less bureaucratic and difficult, we can return trillions and trillions of dollars to our economy and spur billions of dollars in new investments in our struggling communities and throughout our nation.
It’s time to invest in our country, to rebuild our communities, and to hire our great American workers. (Applause.)
My administration is embracing a new economic model. It’s called very simply: The American Model. Under this system, we will encourage companies to hire and grow in America, to raise wages for American workers, and to help rebuild our American cities and communities. That is how we will all succeed and grow together, as one team, with one shared sense of purpose, and one glorious American destiny. (Applause.)
So today I’m calling on all members of Congress -- Democrat, Republican and independent -- to support pro-American tax reform. They have to do it. It’s time. (Applause.) They have to do it. It is time.
I’m calling on Congress to provide a level playing field for our workers and our companies, to attract new companies and businesses to our shores, and to put more money into the pockets of everyday, hardworking people and also into the pockets of our companies so they can continue to grow and expand. (Applause.)
What could possibly be more bipartisan than allowing families to keep more of what they earn and creating an environment for real job and wage growth in the country that we love so much? (Applause.)
So let’s put -- or at least try to put -- the partisan posturing behind us and come together as Americans to create the 21st century tax code that our people deserve. (Applause.)
If we do this, if we unite in the name of common sense and the name of common good, then we will add millions and millions of new jobs, bring back trillions of dollars, and we will give America the competitive advantage that it so desperately needs and has been looking for for so long. It’s time. (Applause.)
Products made with American hands, American labor, and American grit will once again be delivered throughout the world. It's true. (Applause.) It’s time. Instead of exporting our jobs, we will export our goods. (Applause.) Our jobs will both stay here in America and come back to America. We’ll have it both ways. Millions of struggling citizens will be lifted from welfare to work. They will love getting up in the morning. They will love going to their job. They will love earning a big, fat, beautiful paycheck. They will be proud again. (Applause.)
That is the future I want for our people. That is the future I want for America -- a nation where we are proud, prosperous, united, and free.
Today, I am asking every citizen to join me in dreaming big and bold and daring things -- beautiful things -- for our country. I am asking every member of Congress, of which we have many with us today, to join me in unleashing America’s full potential. I am asking everyone in this room and across the nation to join me in demanding nothing but the best for our nation and for our people.
And if we do these things, and if we care for and support each other, and love each other, then we will truly make America great again.
Thank you. God bless you. (Applause.) God bless you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much. Governor, thank you. Thank you, Governor. Thank you, Senator. Thank you. Thank you, everybody.
END
2:14 P.M. CDTTexas Department of Public Safety Emergency Operations Center
Austin, Texas
3:22 P.M. CDT
GOVERNOR ABBOTT: Mr. President, I want you to know the gratitude the people of the state of Texas have for you. We're honored to have you here in the Lone Star State. I wish it were not under these circumstances.
But we are able to be where we are today, in the aftermath of this catastrophic storm that we faced. And it's really been two storms: It was the hurricane that turned into one of the most immense floods ever suffered by the United States. People's lives have been on the line, and I've been able to see firsthand your care and your compassion for the people of Texas.
I've had the opportunity -- for those who only get to see what happens on the front lines, you need to know what happens behind the scenes. And behind the scenes, the President has shown both care and compassion, and direction and commitment, from the very beginning when the storm was still way out in the ocean. You helped Texas get prepared, providing us every resource and tool that we needed so that we could have a plan to respond to the catastrophe that was coming. And then after the hurricane came onshore, and after the flooding began in Houston, we were in communication, either you and I almost every day, or you and myself and your tremendous Cabinet members who have bent over backwards to assist us.
And then, on our flight from Corpus Christi to Austin, to see his genuine compassion, as we saw videos of what was going on in Houston, Texas, with the rising water and our fellow Texans suffering, the President was heartbroken about what he saw, and he's committed to ensuring that Texas will rebuild -- because that's the American way. We take care of each other. We've seen that with Texans helping Texans, with Americans helping Americans.
And, Mr. President, we're stronger, better, and better prepared because of your leadership from the very beginning. And I want to thank you. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: And I want to just say hello -- Elaine Duke is here someplace. Elaine, fantastic job. And Brock has been incredible. And from your standpoint, Nim and the whole group, and Steve, who I just met -- Steve -- and the job that they've done getting along. Number one, they like each other -- very important. And number two, they respect each other. And the job that all of these groups have done getting along is -- in terms of coordination, has been really incredible, and everyone is talking about it.
The sad thing is that this is long term. Nobody has ever seen anything this long, and nobody has ever seen this much water. The wind was pretty horrific, but the water has never been seen like this to the extent.
And it's maybe someday going to disappear. We keep waiting. We have three of our great -- four of our great congressmen right here, and we really appreciate you being here. We're going to be working with Congress on helping out the state of Texas. It's going to be a costly proposition, because again, and probably -- Ted Cruz is here. And, Senator, thank you very much -- Senator Cornyn. And we'll be working with these characters over here -- (laughter) -- and I think we'll come through and really get the right solution.
But probably there's never been anything so expensive in our country's history. There's never been anything so historic in terms of damage and in terms of ferocity as what we've witnessed with Harvey. Sounds like such an innocent name, Ben, right? But it's not. (Laughter.) It's not innocent. It's not innocent.
I also want to thank my people. And Ben Carson, as you know, is here from HUD, and Linda is -- Linda McMahon from Small Business. And I say this is not small business, Linda, this is big business. When you add it all up, you're going to be giving away many, many millions of dollars to help people out. And Tom Price, as you know is -- Dr. Tom Price -- you have your people in the field, Tom.
In fact, you may say a couple of words. And then I'll ask Linda and I'll ask Ben, and then I think we'll get on to Nim and to Brock and everybody.
Tom.
SECRETARY PRICE: Sure. Thanks, Mr. President. As you said, this is a historic proportions storm and flood. The challenge that we have, obviously, is to get the resources to the individuals that are stranded right now, make certain that the evacuees have a place to go. From an HHS standpoint, our responsibilities are medical and veterinarian and mortuary. There will be of the above.
The challenge that we have in the long term is that most individuals who suffer from these suffer from not being able to get the medical care that they need after the -- when the sun comes out. So trying to make certain that we've got pharmacies staffed, make certain that dialysis units are up, make certain that folks are getting the electricity to their homes so the oxygen concentrators are able to be utilized. And then (inaudible) disease -- making certain the folks can get to their doctor when they are in their hometown and get the treatment that they need.
But we're staffed up and ready to go. We've got four federal medical stations that -- two are up and running and two on the way. And we've another four or five that are stationed after that, depending on where folks need --
THE PRESIDENT: And they're big ones.
DR. PRICE: Yeah, yeah. We're here for you.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Thank you, Tom.
Linda.
ADMINISTRATOR MCMAHON: Well, SBA has its disaster relief office in the Dallas-Fort Worth area, so we have 900 people there permanently. We have 600 available in the surge. There will be -- they're already coming in. I actually did get a note on the plane from Corpus that we made the first home loan approval from this disaster. So I was glad that we're already up and running.
We will be making home loans, business loans. We'll be making loans for those folks who have lost income, and also the opportunity to replace property and equipment and inventories. So we're up and ready to go.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. And Ben Carson from HUD.
SECRETARY CARSON: Well, thank you, Mr. President. Thank you for your leadership, and you, Mrs. First Lady, also. Currently, everything that's been done -- it's been great working with everybody. And, Governor, you're one of the people that I admire the most. (Inaudible.) Brock has done a fantastic job, and Elaine. Everybody that we've been working has been fantastic.
And what we've been trying to do is make sure that we go from the phase of rescue and reaction to the phase of recovery and a smooth transition. We're also going to be assisting state and local governments in reallocation of federal assets to the disaster relief. We'll be granting immediate foreclosure relief; insurance -- mortgage insurance, as well as insurance for rehabilitation, through the Section 203(k) program, Section 108 of loan guarantees for infrastructure, for economic development, and for a host of things, and also disseminating information, which is so critical. The masses frequently become confused. We're working very hard to get rid of some of the regulatory burden so that we can get things gone really quickly. Linda and I will be working on that to make sure that we get what we need to the people.
And I want everybody to know that we're in this for the long run, and know that once the water recedes, that's where our work really begins. And we're going to be (inaudible) until we finish.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Ben, very much. I appreciate it.
So, Nim, why don’t you take over along with Brock, and we can through some of the different things that we're going to be doing.
END
3:30 P.M. CDTAnnaville Fire Station 5
Corpus Christi, Texas
12:05 P.M. CDT
GOVERNOR ABBOTT: Well, I want to welcome the President of the United States to the great state of Texas. I want to express my gratitude for our fellow Texans and especially the people of Corpus Christi for giving the President such a warm welcome on his ride over here, showing the gratitude that we all have for the President.
I want to express my deep gratitude to the President for him and his entire Cabinet and staff for what they have done over the past couple of weeks. A lot of people see what happens in front of the camera. I want to reveal in just one minute what's been going on behind the scenes, behind the camera, for the past two weeks.
About 10 days in advance of the hurricane even coming into the Corpus Christi area, members of the President's Cabinet and the President himself were in contact with me and my office pre-preparing for this catastrophe that was coming our way. And every step of the way, as the hurricane came across the shore, as the flooding began in Houston, Texas, the President and his Cabinet remained in constant contact with me and my staff. And they all had one thing to say: Texas, what do you need? How can we help? You can count on us.
What I have learned is we can count on the President of the United States and his staff for helping Texas. Texas has been tested, but our response to this challenge has been made much more effective because of the very effective way the President and his staff has helped Texas respond to this challenge. So, Mr. President, thank you. Thank you. Welcome to Texas.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. That's so nice, Governor, and it's really my honor. This is a very special place in a special state. And Senator Cruz and Senator Cornyn, we thank you very much for being here. We appreciate it. I know it was hard to get here for both of you -- you were trapped in various locations -- but we appreciate you both being here.
I want to thank my staff, my Cabinet. We have quite a few of our Cabinet here. You know Ben Carson, obviously, from HUD, and Tom Price and Linda McMahon -- Small Business. Small business, which is now big business, because when you add them all up you're going to be helping a lot of the people in Texas and doing a fantastic job. Thank you very much, Linda.
But we have had a tremendous group of folks. Our Acting Director, Elaine, thank you very much for the job you've done. And a man who has really become very famous on television over the last couple of days -- Mr. Long -- we appreciate it very much. You have been just outstanding.
And I can tell you that my folks were just telling me how great your representatives have been in working together. It's a real team, and we want to do it better than ever before. We want to be looked at in five years, in ten years from now as this is the way to do it.
This was of epic proportions. Nobody has ever seen anything like this. And I just want to say that working with the Governor and his entire team has been an honor for us. So, Governor, again, thank you very much. We won't say congratulations. We don't want to do that. We don't want to congratulate. We'll congratulate each other when it's all finished. But you have been terrific. Really terrific. It's a great honor. And you've been my friend, too, for a long time.
And with that, maybe you could say a few words.
ADMINISTRATOR LONG: Thank you, Mr. President. So the whole community is coming together. You know, right here where the brunt of the Category 4 hurricane winds came in just north of Corpus Christi, we're already starting to effect recovery. Recovery is a slow process, but rest assured that we're doing everything we can to unify our efforts down to support the local responders, the first responders that we have here.
Yesterday, I put eyes on the ground down in Rockport. We already have points of distribution flowing. We're working in conjunction with the Governor's National Guard where FEMA is supplying meals and water, and the National Guard is helping to run those distribution points. That's how this system works. All eyes are on Houston and so are mine. We got a long way to go. We're going to have to set up expectations of the citizens that we're going to have to continue a unified effort down to help the state of Texas ultimately recover.
So, very quickly, the objectives stay the same. The event, unfortunately, to the north of us is not over. We're still in a lifesaving, life-sustaining mission. We're very aware of the issues at the Convention Center, but let me be clear: This is not the Superdome. The Convention Center -- we are sustaining food. They have food, we have security. I have an incident management team inside the city of Houston as we speak, and more and more people are being moved to shelters to stabilize the situation.
The next thing is, is that we're pushing commodities. Once the water goes down, we'll continue to push not only commodities but also help to get people registered in the system to receive assistance from all of us. You know, assistance doesn't just come from FEMA; it comes from many organizations who are represented here today by Secretary Price, Secretary Carson, and others.
The next thing is, is that we're looking at power restoration. We're maintaining security. You know, Ms. Duke, you've mobilized the Homeland Security Search Capacity Force. With that comes law enforcement to make sure that we're overcoming and anticipating any security needs that we have.
And then also, with Secretary Price over here, we're working with not only the Governor's disaster medical teams but we're also sending federal disaster medical teams in, not only to the Convention Center today -- there's already some on site -- but there's going to be multiple areas, not only for crisis counseling but also to make sure that we're meeting access to functional needs.
The access is a challenge to getting all the supplies in, once the roadway systems come out. We've amassed quite the federal force to be able to support the local and state efforts. For example, the Governor pulls 12,000 National Guard troops in. We're pulling units out of Fort Hood as the federal government and federal DOD forces are coming in as well. We've pulled several hundred trucks and staff just from assets right here in the state of Texas, and that's how the system works.
This recovery is going to be frustrating. We're going to be here with you to help you guide through it. It's going to be tough to navigate all of the programs that become available, but we're here to help.
So with that, I'd like to pass it along to our friends at the Coast Guard.
U.S. COAST GUARD PARTICIPANT: Mr. President, good afternoon, sir. This is where your Coast Guard serves at its best.
(Inaudible.)
U.S. COAST GUARD PARTICIPANT: (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I want to tell you, I can speak for the Governor because we spoke about it, and we’re very proud of the Coast Guard -- the job you have done with the lives you’ve saved. We’re very, very proud of you, and thank you very much.
U.S. COAST GUARD PARTICIPANT: (Inaudible.)
ADMINISTRATOR LONG: Mr. President, before the press pulls out, there's information that I'd like to share in regards to how citizens can get involved -- so here again, it’s the whole community. Neighbors helping neighbors is going to be needed in helping Texas overcome.
So very quickly, if you would like to register for assistance underneath the Governor’s declared counties -- there’s 18 declared counties for individual assistance underneath the President’s disaster declaration. That’s DisasterAssistance.org -- excuse me, DisasterAssistance.gov -- I apologize -- DisasterAssistance.gov. That’s the FEMA individual assistance system.
There’s also ways, if you’re looking to volunteer: NVOAD.org -- N-V-A-O-D.org. There’s also, within the state of Texas, OneStarFoundation.org and, I believe -- RedCross.org as well.
So thank you, and at this time we’ll let the press pool leave.
END
12:18 P.M. CDTTexas Department of Public Safety Emergency Operations Center
Austin, Texas
3:19 P.M. CDT
THE PRESIDENT: Well, first of all, I want to thank Governor Abbott. This has been an experience, really, like unfortunately we've never had before. There's never been anything like this.
But it's showing some tremendous love and coordination, and so many things are coming out in Texas. And I will tell you, the whole country, the whole world, is really seeing and gaining such respect for everybody. And the job you have done is incredible. What you've done is, under circumstances -- I said before the word "epic" and "historic." These are words used to describe this monster known as Harvey.
But the job you've done is really special. And I said, let's fly over, let's see these great people. The nerve center. You're really the nerve center. And we appreciate it very much, and millions of people appreciate it, that I can tell you. But the world is watching and the world is very impressed with what you're doing.
So I just want to thank you on behalf of myself, the First Lady, the Governor. Nim, you have been incredible, working with our man. He's doing okay, right?
MR. KIDD: I give him an A+.
THE PRESIDENT: He's doing great. But FEMA has been just working along with everybody. And the coordination, I think as much as anything else, everybody is talking about it. The coordination has been beautiful to watch.
So to the two of you in particular, I want to say congratulations. Thank you very much for everything. And go out and do it. It's going to be long term; it's not going to be a quick one. It's going to be long term. But we appreciate it very much. Thank you.
END
3:20 P.M. CDTAnnaville Fire Station 5
Corpus Christi, Texas
12:42 P.M. CDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. I just wanted to say, we love you, you are special. We're here to take care of you. It's going well. And I want to thank you for coming out. We're going to get you back and operating immediately. Thank you, everybody. What a crowd. What a turnout.
I want to thank our governor. Your governor has done a fantastic job. Governor Abbott, thank you very much. He's right here, someplace. He's right here.
So we just want to thank your governor, and Senator Cruz, Senator Cornyn -- everybody. We want to thank the whole group. This has been a total cooperative effort.
Again, we will see you soon. I will tell you, this is historic, it's epic, what happened. But you know what, it happened in Texas, and Texas can handle anything.
Thank you all, folks. Thank you. (Applause.) Thank you.
END
12:44 P.M. CDTEast Room
4:20 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you. Thank you very much. It is my great honor to welcome President Niinistö to the White House. We've just concluded a very positive meeting.
And I want to begin today by extending my thoughts and prayers for those affected by Hurricane Harvey and the catastrophe of flooding and all of the other difficulties that they're currently going through in Houston, in southeast Texas, and now it's looking more and more like the state of Louisiana will be also affected.
My administration is coordinating closely with state and local authorities in Texas and Louisiana to save lives, and we thank our first responders and all of those involved in their efforts.
We're working directly with Texas Governor Greg Abbott -- who, by the way, is doing a fantastic job -- and his entire staff, likewise, as well as with Governor John Bel Edwards, who's very much involved in starting the process of Louisiana. We've pledged our full support as Texas and Louisiana battle and recover from this very devastating and historic storm. There's probably never been anything like this.
Under the supervision of FEMA Administrator Brock Long, there has been a tremendous amount of work done. He has been so outstanding in so many ways. More than 8,500 federal workers are involved in the Texas effort alone. I've also today declared emergencies in Louisiana at the request of Governor Edwards.
Recovery will be a long and difficult road, and the federal government stands ready, willing, and able to support that effort. Right now, the single most important thing is the safety and security of those still in harm’s way, including the first responders who have been so terrific and brave. Protecting the lives of our people is my highest priority. Every asset at my command is at the disposal of local officials.
Tragic times such as these bring out the best in America's character. Strength, charity and resilience are those characters. We see neighbor helping neighbor, friend helping friend, and stranger helping stranger. And you see that all over. If you watch on television, you just see such incredible work and love, and teamwork.
We are one American family. We hurt together, we struggle together, and, believe me, we endure together. We are one family.
To the people of Texas and Louisiana: We are 100 percent with you. We're praying for you, we're working closely with your leaders and officials, and I will be visiting the impact zone tomorrow to ensure that you're receiving full support and cooperation from the federal government. And on Saturday, we think we're going back to Texas, and also we will be going to Louisiana.
Nothing can defeat the unbreakable spirit of the people of Texas and Louisiana. Right now, every American heart sends its love and support to those whose lives have been upended -- totally upended -- totally -- by this very horrible storm.
We ask God for his wisdom and strength. We will get through this. We will come out stronger. And, believe me, we will be bigger, better, stronger than ever before. The rebuilding will begin, and in the end it will be something very special. And I just want to thank everybody in the affected area, because it has been absolutely incredible to watch -- the spirit, the cooperation, and the love.
I would also like to share a message to the people of Finland who have recently suffered a terrorist attack in Turku: We stand in solidarity with you against the terrorist threat. We must all work together to deny terrorists safe havens, cut off their finances, and defeat their very wicked ideology.
Mr. President, Americans are grateful for your steadfast support as an ally in the fight against terrorism -- appreciate it -- including your membership in the coalition to defeat ISIS. Finland makes important contributions to the coalition and its effort in Afghanistan, and has troops on the ground in Iraq training Iraqi soldiers.
In Afghanistan, Finland provides troops and financial contributions to support the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces on a modern-day frontier between barbarism and civilization. That's what you have -- it's barbarism versus civilization. We are particularly grateful to the Finnish citizens who have sacrificed for our mutual security.
Finland is a leading expert in cybersecurity. In fact, we should be calling you pretty soon. You do do a fantastic job with cybersecurity, and I congratulate you. And I think in a very short period of time, we're going to be right there with you, believe me. The United States is a very proud partner of Finland's European Center of Excellence to counter modern threats, including cyberattacks.
In addition, we look forward to your leadership as chair of the Arctic Council. The Arctic region has strategic and economic importance for both of our nations -- very much so.
The foundation of our friendship is our shared love of freedom. On behalf of all Americans, I congratulate you and the Finnish people on the 100th anniversary of Finland's independence -- 100 years. Fantastic.
In honor of Finland's centennial, the United States is contributing an additional half-million dollars to the Fulbright Finland Foundation. Through the Fulbright program, we are sending more of our best and brightest to Finland, forging lasting connections between Americans and Finns.
On the economic front, we seek fair and reciprocal trade to benefit both of our countries. I applaud Finnish companies for their commitment to increase investment in the United States, adding new technologies and adding good jobs for hardworking Americans. Thank you.
The U.S.-Finnish partnership is rooted in our shared interests and common values. As President -- and I must say, and I want to thank you, President -- we've discussed and we look forward to further strengthening these bonds of culture, commerce, and cooperation between our two countries so that our citizens and our nations can thrive and prosper together.
Mr. President, I'd like to thank you very much for being at the White House and a great meeting in the Oval Office. It’s my honor to have you here. Thank you. Thank you very much.
PRESIDENT NIINISTÖ: Mr. President, I want to thank you for your very kind words. And I just want to tell you that it is a great pleasure and honor to be here today. I thank you also for the discussions we have had. They have been of most interest.
We have been closely following Hurricane Harvey. Our thoughts are with the people of Texas and Louisiana. They and you, Mr. President, have shown strength and courage to overcome this catastrophe. It has been touching to watch the TV and see how people help each other. That is what we basically are built of -- helping each other.
Finland highly appreciates our close relationship with the United States. Today, they are broader than ever, ranging from security to defense cooperation, to trade and innovation. We are indeed celebrating our 100 years of independence. I want to thank you for the generous gift presented to the Fulbright Finland Foundation.
I want to also take this opportunity to greet the almost 700,000 Americans who have Finnish origin. Mr. President and I exchanged views on several international issues. Our broad headline was security. We discussed the importance of the transatlantic bond between the European Union and the United States. History has taught us Europeans the value of unity.
The U.S. and NATO presence in Europe are -- and in Baltic Sea -- are most important, and they are increasing rapidly. Finland is doing its part. We promote dialogue. To reduce risks, Finland has proposed steps to improve flight safety in the Baltic Sea area. They are small, but positive steps in reopening dialogue between NATO and Russia. We remain committed to supporting Afghanistan, and we are a dedicated member of the global coalition against ISIS.
Finland took the chairmanship of the Arctic Council from the United States in May. We can't afford losing the pristine Arctic nature. Finland firmly believes that business and environment can both be winners in the Arctic. A good example is reducing black carbon.
Mr. President, I'm looking forward to even closer cooperation with you and your great nation.
I want to thank you. Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: So we'll take a couple of questions. How about we go to Texas. Todd Gillman. Todd.
Q Thank you, Mr. President.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Yes.
Q I'm wondering what you can tell the people of Texas to expect in terms of long-term recovery efforts. And, in particular, you have been feuding with some key congressional leaders. You've also threatened a government shutdown, potentially next month, over border wall funding. Are these going to hamper long-term -- the funding that will be needed long term for recovery?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: No, Todd. I think that you're going to very rapid action from Congress, certainly from the President. And you're going to get your funding. It's a terrible tragedy. Your governor has been absolutely outstanding in the job he's done, and his entire staff.
And I will say that -- I just spoke with Greg, and he is working like 24/7. We expect to have requests on our desk fairly soon, and we think that Congress will feel very much the way I feel. In a very bipartisan way -- that will be nice. But we think you're going to have what you need and it's going to go fast.
Texas is a unique place. It’s a great, great state, great people, and I think you you'll be up and running very, very quickly. Really, very quickly. So, yeah, I think you're going to be in fantastic shape. I have already spoken to Congress and everybody feels for you and feels for what you're going through. But at the same time, they have great respect -- even additional respect for the state, because you've handled it so well, so brilliantly.
But it's a long road. Still pouring, still a lot of rain. Nobody has ever seen anything like it. I've heard the words "epic," I've heard "historic" -- and that's what it is. But you will have what you want, I think, very, very quickly.
And, Todd, you can ask a question the President.
Q Sure, thank you. Does this situation make you reconsider the possibility of a government shutdown?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I think it has nothing to do with it, really. I think this is separate. This is going to go really very, very quickly. Again, I have spoken to many of the people we're talking about, and everybody feels the same way I do.
Q Thank you. And, Mr. President, I wanted to ask you: Your neighbor Russia has meddled in U.S. politics. They have a military exercise coming up in the next few weeks. In the Baltic, there are tensions over there. What kind of advice have you offered, and can you offer, to the United States in dealing with this adversary?
PRESIDENT NIINISTÖ: Sir, we are not feeling ourselves as advisors, but we are feeling ourselves as doing all what is possible to maintain peace. And that is what we are doing in Baltic Sea area too.
With the -- actually, you refer to a different kind military training, which is going to happen there. I have to tell you that a couple of weeks ago, I met President Putin, and there were media interested in why Chinese navy is having training together with Russians in Baltic Sea area. Putin answered that it is not a bloc, it is not against anybody. My answer was that we are also training in Baltic Sea with United States and Sweden, and it's not bloc, it's not against anybody.
So we have to be very careful that this huge training, huge military trafficking over politics doesn't cause any accidental problems. Because we know that from accidents might grow whatever. And that is why I think it’s important that we continue to work with NATO to enhance, like I said, dialogue between Russia and NATO. And it is going forward.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: You have a question?
PRESIDENT NIINISTÖ: Finnish Broadcasting Company. Where you are? Okay.
Q Thank you, Mr. President. I have a question to President Trump, if I may. As President Niinistö told, he’s been raising the issue about the security situation in the Baltic region and the Baltic Sea, specifically, and has been concerned about the Russian planes flying there without transponders on. So my question to you, Mr. President, would be: Mr. Trump, would you consider Russia as a security threat? Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I consider many countries as a security threat, unfortunately, when you look at what’s going on in the world today. As you know, a few weeks ago our great Vice President, Mike Pence, who’s right here, was in the region and spent quite a bit of time there. We consider that a very, very important part of the world. We have great relationships there. We have a great relationship with Finland.
And so I would consider many countries threats, but these are all threats that we’ll be able to handle if we have to. Hopefully, we won’t have to handle them, but if we do, we will handle them.
Q Can I have a follow-up, as he had also? So if the situation in the Baltic were to escalate, what would the U.S. be ready to do in that unfortunate circumstances? Thanks.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, we are very protective of that region. That’s all I can say. We are very, very protective. We have great friends there, great relationships there. We are extremely protective. Okay? Thank you.
Q Thank you, sir.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: A question for the President? Yes.
PRESIDENT NIINISTÖ: No. Sometimes he --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Do you have a question for the President? Do you have a question for the President?
Q What if --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: It’s all right. Somebody else could.
PRESIDENT NIINISTÖ: You don’t have to. (Laughter.)
Q Mr. President, (inaudible) from Finland.
PRESIDENT NIINISTÖ: Okay.
Q Did you speak about climate change at all? And what about your, Mr. President Niinistö, initiative about cleaning up the Arctic and doing it together with the United States? What kind of response did your idea receive here in Washington, D.C.?
PRESIDENT NIINISTÖ: We discussed a lot about black carbon. And to explain to everybody: What happens is that, from atmosphere, black carbon covers the Arctic, and we know what happens when sunshine meets black. It melts the ice. And the problem is not only Arctic; if we lose the Arctic, we lose the globe. That is reality.
So we must fight against those emissions spreading black carbon. I understood that the United States is going to put it in half, and we know that black carbon sources are a lot of them in Russia. They are old-fashioned energy plants producing heating. The other problem is flaring. You know that in oil fields, they flare up the extra gas, and the amount is huge. Yearly, they flare 40 times more than Finland spent gas.
So if we can -- and here comes also a business picture -- it would be a good business to renew those old-fashioned plants, to make more with less energy. It would be the business to stop flaring, to take use of that gas which is now burned (inaudible).
And I think that these elements are shots that we can continue discussing in Arctic Council. We have inherited the chairmanship from the United States, and we continue the work.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We had a very good discussion, in particular on the Arctic and black carbon. And I think we have much in agreement.
One of the things we also agree on: We want crystal-clean water, and we want clean air -- the cleanest ever. Very important. So we have a lot of agreement.
John Roberts, yes.
Q Mr. President, thank you so much. President Niinistö, I have a question for you as well, but if I could start with President Trump. In the middle of Hurricane Harvey hitting on Friday night, you chose to pardon former Sheriff Joe Arpaio. I wonder if you could tell us what was behind your thinking for issuing the pardon for the Sheriff. And, as well, what do you say to your critics, even some in your own party, who say it was the wrong thing to do?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, a lot of people think it was the right thing to do, John. And actually, in the middle of a hurricane, even though it was a Friday evening, I assumed the ratings would be far higher than they would be normally. You know the hurricane was just starting, and I put it out that I had pardoned, as we say, Sheriff Joe.
He’s done a great job for the people of Arizona. He’s very strong on borders, very strong on illegal immigration. He is loved in Arizona. I thought he was treated unbelievably unfairly when they came down with their big decision to go get him right before the election voting started, as you know. And he lost in a fairly close election. He would have won the election, but they just hammered him just before the election. I thought that was a very, very unfair thing to do.
When I mentioned him the other night -- you saw the massive crowd we had. The people went crazy when I said, “What do you think of Sheriff Joe?” or something to that effect. The place went absolutely crazy when I was in Arizona last week.
And as far as pardons are concerned, I actually did this just before the meeting because I assumed that somebody would ask me the question. I didn’t know it would be you, as you can attest. You didn’t even know you were going to be called. But I thought I would. And, you know, Sheriff Joe is a great veteran of the military, great law enforcement person, somebody that’s won many, many elections in the state of Arizona. But I wanted to look at some of the other people that were pardoned over the years.
And if you look at, as an example, President Clinton pardoned Marc Rich, who was charged with crimes going back decades, including illegally buying oil from Iran while it held 53 American hostages -- wasn’t allowed to do that, selling to the enemies of the United States. He was pardoned after his wife donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to the Clintons.
Then you have dangerous criminals. President Clinton pardoned Susan Rosenberg, a member of the Weather Underground, charged as part of a bank robbery that led to a guard and two police officers being killed.
Drug dealers. President Clinton commuted the sentence of Carlos Vignali, a central player in a cocaine ring that stretched from California to Minnesota.
Criminal leaker. You've heard the word "leaker." President Obama commuted the sentence of Chelsea Manning, who leaked countless sensitive and classified documents to WikiLeaks, perhaps and others. But a horrible, horrible thing that he did. Commuted the sentence and perhaps pardoned.
President Obama commuted the sentence of Oscar Lopez Rivera, who was charged as part of a violent independence group from Puerto Rico, responsible for 28 Chicago-area bombings and many deaths in the 1970s and 1980s.
Sheriff Joe is a patriot. Sheriff Joe loves our country. Sheriff Joe protected our borders. And Sheriff Joe was very unfairly treated by the Obama administration, especially right before an election -- an election that he would have won. And he was elected many times.
So I stand by my pardon of Sheriff Joe, and I think the people of Arizona, who really know him best, would agree with me.
Thank you very much.
Q Mr. President, I'd like to claim prescience that you did all the research, but I'm afraid I have to confess the question was fairly obvious.
And President Niinistö, I'm sure that President Trump either briefed you today, or you're aware of his new plan for Afghanistan that really relies, at its core, in bringing the Taliban to the table for negotiations. Given the history and the ideology of the Taliban, do you ever believe that they would honor any kind of an agreement that was ever made? Or would they, when the United States and Finland and other countries leave Afghanistan, renege on that deal?
PRESIDENT NIINISTÖ: Yes, first of all, I want to underline that Finland has been involved from the very beginning to all the attempts to solve the situation in Afghanistan. We have troops there. We have also financial aid going on all the time.
We have to try. We have to try in all possible ways to solve the situation in Afghanistan. It has been ongoing quite a long time, for decades. But to solve it by negotiations, surely you have to have full respect to the one you negotiate, and to also full believe that what is negotiated is also fulfilled.
These elements have to be all the time present when you discuss with whichever party in Afghanistan.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I know there might be a couple of more questions, but do you want to take one more? Would you want to take one more? Go ahead, pick. (Laughter.) Go ahead.
PRESIDENT NIINISTÖ: Please.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Again? You're going to give her the same one?
PRESIDENT NIINISTÖ: No, she's not the same lady. (Laughter.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Go ahead.
PRESIDENT NIINISTÖ: They are sitting side-by-side.
Q We have a lot of blonde women in Finland.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Go ahead.
Q Mr. President Trump, what kind of role do you see as Finland having in the U.S.-Russia relations? Do you think Finland could be of assistance, helping U.S. get better relations with Russia?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I hope that we do have good relations with Russia. I say it loud and clear, I've been saying it for years: I think it's a good thing if we have great relationships, or at least good relationships with Russia. That's very important, and I believe someday that will happen. It's a big country, it's a nuclear country, it's a country that we should get along with, and I think we will eventually get along with Russia.
Finland is respected by Russia. Finland has been free of Russia, really -- just about one of the few countries in the region that has been -- for 100 years. And Russia has a lot of respect for Finland, so that's always good. But I think Finland is doing fine with Russia, and I hope that the United States will someday be able to have a very good relationship with Russia also. I think that's very good for world peace and for other things.
Thank you.
Q As a follow-up, if Finland's relationship with Russia were to deteriorate, would the U.S. -- what kind of assistance would the U.S. be willing to give to Finland bilaterally, if we needed it?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, as I said before, that, you know, our relationship with Finland is a very close one and we're always ready to help Finland. One of the things that is happening is you're purchasing large amounts of our great F-18 aircraft from Boeing, and it's one of the great planes, one of the great fighter jets, and you're purchasing lots of other military equipment, and, I think, purchasing very wisely. I know all of the military equipment and I actually agree with everything you purchased. We talked about it before.
I think Finland is really a respected country militarily. It's got large armed forces for its size as a country. Really, proportionally, probably one of the biggest in the world if you think of it.
PRESIDENT NIINISTÖ: I guess so.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: But they're very respected militarily, and they're respected beyond militarily. So hopefully it will never come to that. Thank you.
Q And President Niinistö? President Niinistö, did you discuss Russia? And did you offer any assistance to the U.S. with their relationship with Russia?
PRESIDENT NIINISTÖ: Well, like I said earlier on, we did discuss about Russia. But actually, I don't feel myself or Finland being any advisor to anybody, but we try to do our best, and hopefully we get also results from that.
I want to remind you that, in NATO meeting, a year ago approximately, it was stated by all NATO countries that with Russia you have to be deterrence, but you have to exercise dialogue too. These two-way elements have to be there.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Yeah, go ahead.
Q Thank you, Mr. President. Trey Yingst with One America News. In the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey, do you believe that cutting FEMA's budget is the right thing to do?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: No, I think what's going to happen is the FEMA money is relatively small compared to the rebuilding money. So FEMA -- right now, we have the money necessary for Texas and Louisiana, if we need, but the real number, which will be many billions of dollars, will go through Congress. I think it'll happen very quickly, it'll go very fast, and I want to congratulate you on the network. It's a great network.
Q Thank you. If I may follow up on one other question from earlier -- the southern border wall. Is your plan still to have Mexico pay for the wall?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Yes, they will. One way or the other, Mexico is going to pay for the wall. That's right. It may be through reimbursement, but one way or the other, Mexico will pay for the wall.
We're right now negotiating NAFTA. In my opinion, Mexico has been very difficult, as they should be. Why wouldn't they be? They had a sweetheart deal for so many years. It's one of the great deals of all time for them. One of the worst trade deals ever signed. I guarantee you, Mr. President, Finland would never have signed NAFTA with Russia or whoever you wanted. This is not a deal that you would want to sign. This is not a deal that Finland would know about.
NAFTA is one of the worst trade deals ever signed at any time, anywhere in the world. And I can understand why Mexico is being difficult because why wouldn't they be? They've had it their way.
But, no, Mexico will pay for the wall. It may be through a reimbursement. We need the wall very badly. As you know, Mexico has a tremendous crime problem -- tremendous -- one of the number two or three in the world. And that's another reason we need it. And the -- just to add on, tremendous drugs are pouring into the United States at levels that nobody has ever seen before. This happened over the last three to four years in particular. The wall will stop much of the drugs from pouring into this country and poisoning our youth.
So we need the wall. It's imperative. We may fund it through the United States. But ultimately, Mexico will pay for the wall.
Q Sir, if I may follow up. On Tuesday, you said, if we have to close down our government, we are building that wall.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I hope that's not necessary --
Q If Mexico is paying for wall, why would you close down our government?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Let me just tell you -- yeah, I hope that's not necessary. If it's necessary, we'll have to see. But I hope it's not necessary. The wall is needed from the standpoint of security. The wall is needed from the standpoint of drug -- tremendous, the drug scourge, what's coming through the areas that we're talking about. As you know, I have General Kelly here. We stopped traffic coming through -- 78 percent. It’s going to be, I think, 81 percent this quarter, which is a record. In other administrations, if they stopped it just a little bit, like one, or two, or three percent, they considered that a great thing. We’re up to almost 80 percent. We’ll soon be over 80 percent.
But you need the wall to do the rest, and you need the wall for the drugs. The drugs are a tremendous problem. The wall will greatly help with the drug problem, and ultimately that’s a good thing for Mexico also. We have a very good relationship with Mexico, but I will say that dealing with them -- I’ve always said -- I’ve talked about NAFTA, you’ve heard me many times -- and I’ve said that we will either terminate it or renegotiate it.
We’re in the process of renegotiating -- right now renegotiating the deal. I believe that you will probably have to at least start the termination process before a fair deal could be arrived at because it’s been a one-sided deal. And this includes Canada, by the way. Great respect for Canada, great love for Canada, but it’s been a one-sided deal for Canada and for Mexico.
And the United States workers, all of these incredible people who have lost their jobs because of NAFTA, they’re not going to be suffering any longer. It’s been unfair for too long.
So we will build the wall, and we will stop a lot of things, including the drug -- the drugs are pouring in at levels like nobody has ever seen. We’ll be able to stop them once the wall is up.
Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, everybody.
PRESIDENT NIINISTÖ: Thank you.
END
4:54 P.M. EDT3:32 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much. It's my honor to have President Niinistö of Finland, a country that we have had a wonderful relationship. We're working with them very strongly right now. We have trading relationships. Sadly, they have a trade surplus against the United States, but maybe we can do something to change that.
But it's a great honor to have you. Your country has done very well. It's doing extremely well under your leadership. And an honor to have you at the Oval Office.
Thank you very much.
PRESIDENT NIINISTÖ: Thank you so very much. It's an honor to be in the Oval Office. Just a reminder, even though the balance is pro for us, the balance of the investments is different. (Inaudible.)
Mr. President, I would like to say that what we are seeing in Texas -- our thoughts are with those people.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you.
PRESIDENT NIINISTÖ: And I am sure that they and you, Mr. President, have the strength and courage to overcome the disaster.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, that's very nice. And we appreciate it. And coming from yourself and the people of Finland, I very much appreciate it. Thank you.
Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much.
Q (Inaudible.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I'll be going to Texas tomorrow. I look very much forward to it. Things are being handled really well. The spirit is incredible of the people. The coordination between all of the different services, as you know, has been going very well. Great respect for the governor. He's done an incredible job.
And I look forward to the trip. So I'll be going there tomorrow. We're leaving at about 8:30 in the morning. We don't know exactly which sections; we'll be notifying you soon. But we'll be traveling throughout certain parts, and we may actually go back on Saturday. Depending on where the storm goes, we may also go to Louisiana on Saturday.
Q Are you surprised at the magnitude?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: It's the biggest ever. They're saying it's the biggest. It's historic. It's like -- really, like Texas, if you think about it. But it is a historic amount of water in particular. There's never been anything like it.
So the people are handling it amazingly well. And the people of Texas, as you know, have really persevered. And when you watch the spirit and the enthusiasm, and helping each other, the teamwork, it's really been something for people to say -- I think even in Finland they would say it's been pretty incredible what they've been able to do.
PRESIDENT NIINISTÖ: We have noticed that, yes. Wonderful.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: It's been really something.
So we'll be leaving tomorrow at about 8:30 in the morning.
Q Will you be doing anything special, sir, with the Cabinet or Congress?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, we've done quite a few Cabinet meetings to make sure everything is coordinated. We're dealing with Congress. As you know, it's going to be a very expensive situation. We want to take care of the people of Texas and Louisiana, when that happens. Let's see what happens with the flow. The flow seems to be heading toward Louisiana right now, as we speak. But we'll be there for the people of Louisiana also, very much so.
So we'll see you tomorrow. And I guess you'll see both of us in a couple of minutes in the East Room.
Thank you all very much. Thank you.
END
3:36 P.M. EDTYour browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript:
My Fellow Americans,
I had the profound honor this week of addressing American troops at Fort Myer and speaking to thousands of veterans at the American Legion National Convention.
Today I want to speak to all Americans about what we can learn from the men and women of our incredible Armed Forces.
Every person who puts on the uniform makes our nation proud. They all come from across our land. They represent every race, ethnicity, and creed. But they all pledge the same oath, fight for the same cause, and operate as one team – with one shared sense of purpose.
They love their families. They cherish their freedom. They salute our flag. And above all, they believe in America.
Now, we must draw inspiration from their love and loyalty to one another – and to our nation – as we seek to heal divisions from within.
We must also remember what our service personnel know better than anyone: that we are one people, with one home, and one glorious American destiny.
We come from all different walks of life – but we all share the same dream – to live in peace and safety, to work with honor and dignity, and to build a better future for those we love.
Together, we can achieve this dream, but we must first remember who we are and the values that bind us together. We must speak out against the voices that try to sow hatred and division. We must treat our fellow citizens with love and affection. And we must honor our heroes – and prove worthy of the sacrifice they have made for all of us.
I ask every American to make a simple promise to the courageous warriors who fight in our name: when they come home from battle, they will find a country that has renewed the sacred bonds of loyalty that unite us together as one.
Only when we work together with a shared purpose will we carry on the proud tradition of those who came before us.
Only when we honor our history will we have confidence in our future.
And only when we strive for peace among one another will we remain a force for peace all around the world.
We can achieve this peace, we can foster this unity, and we can rebuild this loyalty – because together, we are truly One Nation Under God.
Thank you. God bless you.Arlington, Virginia
11:05 A.M. PDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Commander Schmidt, for that wonderful introduction and for your steadfast devotion to our country.
I want to thank all of our distinguished guests with us today, including HUD Secretary Ben Carson, VA Secretary David Shulkin, and former Secretary of Defense Bob Gates. Where is Bob Gates? Bob Gates has been so great. I tell you, he started off saying bad things about me, and then he said great things, and now I like him. (Laughter.) Thank you, Bob.
It's a great honor to be back here with all of my friends at the American Legion and your national convention. I want to thank Governor Sandoval for being here. Dean Heller is here, someplace -- or will shortly be here. He's caught the first flight out. So I want to thank Dean Heller, Senator, for being here.
The American Legion embodies the spirit of patriotism that is the true source of our strength and the best hope for our future. You love our country, you cherish our values, and you definitely defend our great American flag. No doubt about that. (Applause.) Above all else, you believe in America, just like America believes in you. (Applause.)
Today, we are here to honor you for the sacrifices you have made to defend our nation and preserve our way of life. But we're also here for another reason: We are here to hold you up as an example of strength, courage, and resolve that our country will need to overcome the many challenges that we face. We are here to draw inspiration from you as we seek to renew the bonds of loyalty that bind us together as one people and one nation.
Those who wear the nation’s uniform come from all different backgrounds and from every single walk of life. But they are all united by shared values and a shared sense of duty. They are all part of one team, with only one mission in mind. Most importantly, they're all Americans -- and they work together, they fight together, and they sacrifice together to defend our magnificent home. Thank you. (Applause.)
Now our nation must follow that same work ethic, that same devotion to a greater cause, to achieve our country’s full potential. Here with us today are veterans who have fought in every major military engagement dating all the way back to World War II.
You’ve endured bitter winters, treacherous jungles, barren deserts, and stormy waters. You've left your families, charged into danger, faced down your enemies, and bore the scars and wounds of war.
Each of you took an oath to support and defend the Constitution. With that oath, you pledged your honor and your very lives for our great nation. Every veteran here today is part of a long, unbroken chain of American heroes. We salute your service. The American Legion not only remembers history -- you help keep history alive. (Applause.) You teach young Americans to have pride in our history so that they will have confidence in our future. History and culture -- so important.
For generations now, the American Legion has taught our young people the principles of “Americanism.” You emphasize the need to preserve the nation’s cultural, moral and patriotic values. You encourage the observation of patriotic holidays. You stress the need to enforce our laws, including our immigration laws. (Applause.) You teach the responsibilities of citizenship and the importance of the Pledge of Allegiance. (Applause.) True. So important. And you do it all, as your motto says, “for God and country.” (Applause.) That’s why we’re here today -- for America and for God.
to fulfill our patriotic duties, we must take care of our great veterans. (Applause.) One year ago at this gathering -- and I remember so many of you so well -- I promised you that I would make it my priority to fix the broken VA and deliver our veterans the care they so richly deserve. (Applause.) And you see what's been happening.
Now you have a true reformer in Secretary David Shulkin. He has done an incredible job. (Applause.) He's working night and day to implement the 10-point reform plan that I discussed with you last year. Already, we have made incredible progress. We are publishing wait times online for every VA facility, so you know what the wait is. We’ve delivered same-day emergency mental health services at every VA medical center. (Applause.) We have opened the promised White House VA hotline. That's a big deal. That's a big deal.
dramatically increased the number of veterans approved to see the doctor of their choice, and signed legislation to continue that very important Choice Program that I spoke to you about last year. And I want to thank the American Legion for your help in getting this done. You have been so helpful. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
Something that they've been trying to pass for 40 years -- and we've passed -- VA accountability legislation. (Applause.) So if somebody that works at the VA is bad to the people of the VA, disrespectful, not treating our fellow patriots well, we look at them and we say, "You're fired." That's it. (Applause.) That's it. If they don’t do a good job, they're out. Because we want people -- we have great people at the VA, but we want people that do a great job. We weren’t able to do that before. That was a hard piece of legislation to get passed. It's been worked on for so long, we got it done. So we're very proud of that.
Last week, I also signed the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act. (Applause.) That's a big thing. This legislation bears the name of one of the first members of the Legion, your past commander -- a man who wrote the original draft of the first landmark GI Bill in 1944. (Applause.) And now, under this legislation, veterans can use their GI benefits at any point in their lifetime. Some difference.
in just a few moments, right here on this stage, I will sign another historic bill that the American Legion helped us deliver -- the Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act. And you all know what that means. (Applause.) Right?
No longer will veterans be kept waiting for years to get an answer to their appeals. They will receive timely updates and they will get decisions much more quickly, in a fraction of the time. (Applause.)
the Legion, I have to say, pressed so hard for that legislation. So I want to thank you very much. I want to thank you. I want to thank you so much. You really helped. They have a lot of power. A lot of power. And they use it well. (Applause.)
When I spoke to you last year, I also promised that we would build up our military, and that's exactly what we have done. I am proud to report that we have worked with Congress to achieve a dramatic increase in defense spending this year.
We are committed to expanding and improving a state-of-the-art missile defense system to shoot down missiles in flight, and we are getting better and better and better at it. It's actually incredible what's taking place. And we will develop new surveillance and long-range strike capabilities to prevent our enemies from launching them in the first place.
In every foreign policy decision -- (applause) -- thank you. In every foreign policy decision, we are making clear that we will always put the safety and security of our citizens first.
That is why early this week, I announced a new strategy in Afghanistan and South Asia. We will pursue an honorable and enduring outcome in Afghanistan, worthy of the tremendous sacrifice our troops have already made. We will give our men and women in uniform the tools they need and the trust they have earned to fight and to win. (Applause.)
And we have made, as you have been reading and seeing, tremendous progress in the fight against terrorism. Just over a month ago in Iraq, Mosul was liberated from the barbaric rule of ISIS.
We are stripping terrorists of their territory at a record clip, their funding, their networks, and the false allure of their ideology. And I will tell, you we're going to start working very hard on the Internet because they're using the Internet at a level that they should not be allowed to use the Internet. They're recruiting from the Internet, and we are going to work under my administration very hard so that doesn't happen. (Applause.)
No longer are we using our military to build democracies. Instead, we're forming a coalition of nations that share the aim of stamping out extremism, defeating terrorism, and pursuing stability, prosperity, and peace.
Through the generations, America has always prevailed -- not by military might alone, but also by the strength of our spirit. And we have in this country today such spirit. I see it when I meet the people backstage. They're so proud once again. I must say much more proud than they were last year at this time. They are feeling very good about our country -- very, very good about our country. (Applause.) Because our people have always had that will to endure and to overcome.
This is now the challenge of our times. We must ask ourselves who we are, what we stand for, and what together we can achieve.
If American patriots could secure our independence, carve out a home in the wilderness, and free millions from tyranny and oppression around the world, then that same spirit of strength, courage, and resolve can help us create a better future for our people today -- a future like even our people have never had before in this great country. That's what we're aiming for. (Applause.)
We don't have to be content with a dilapidated road system, with crumbling buildings, or rusted-out factories. We can build gleaming new highways, state-of-the-art manufacturing, and modern works of wonder -- and we can do it all with American workers and American iron, aluminum and steel. We can do it ourselves. (Applause.)
We do not have to accept the economic decay of once-thriving hubs of industry where they leave and they let all those jobs go, and those companies move to other countries. We've stopped that flow, and companies are now coming back into the United States. And I am so proud of that. (Applause.)
We can bring new jobs to Pittsburgh and Detroit and Baltimore and help struggling communities thrive and dream and prosper.
We do not need to limit the potential of our children by trapping them in failing government schools. Every child should have the chance to explore their talents, pursue their passions, and know the joy of achieving their ambitions.
we will never tolerate crime in our cities, bloodshed in our communities, or acts of hatred or terrorism against our citizens. We will not stand for it. (Applause.)
We will always support our great law enforcement personnel -- (applause) -- these are great people -- build bridges of trust and cooperation, and keep our families safe.
It is time to heal the wounds that divide us, and to seek a new unity based on the common values that unite us. We are one people, with one home, and one great flag. (Applause.)
We are not defined by the color of our skin, the figure on our paycheck, or the party of our politics. We are defined by our shared humanity, by our citizenship in this magnificent nation, and by the love that fills our hearts. (Applause.)
And I know I speak for all of you when I say: Our hearts beat for America. Our souls fill with pride every time we hear the national anthem. (Applause.) This is the spirit we need to overcome our challenges, to pursue our common destiny, and to achieve a brighter future for our people. We will win. Watch -- we will win. (Applause.)
This is the future we can build together if we have the courage to act, the strength to endure, and the patriotism to join together with true affection for our fellow citizen. (Applause.)
I want to close with the story of a hero who defines this spirit of service and sacrifice, a man whose strength, patriotism and courage knows no bounds -- a Vietnam veteran who threw himself on top of a grenade to protect his fellow comrades. This true American hero went on to serve in the National Guard for over 27 years. He is now a retired captain at his local fire department and owns a funeral home that memorializes our heroes. And he has worked tirelessly to bring another veterans post to Kansas City so that those who return from combat have a place to go that honors and supports them.
Some of you know this incredible patriot. He’s a friend to many in this room. He is with us here today, and he’s on stage with us right now: Medal of Honor Recipient Donald E. Ballard. (Applause.)
He’s got to say a word, right? This wasn’t in the planning. Do I have your approval?
MR. BALLARD: Yes, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: Come on, Don. Get up here.
MR. BALLARD: There is no greater love than someone that loves this country, and I believe we've elected the right leader to lead us out to drain the swamp. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you.
MR. BALLARD: I’m with you.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Don.
MR. BALLARD: I was with you before you were elected.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you so much. See, that's very risky of me. That can ruin the whole day for me. (Laughter.) If he got up and said the opposite, I would be in trouble. (Laughter.) So thank you, Don. That was very risky. I didn't know what was going to happen. (Laughter.) I had a pretty good idea.
But, Don, on behalf of the people of the United States, I want to thank you for your courageous service. You inspire us all.
Today we are reminded that the greatness of our nation is found in our people like Don. As long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values, then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer. We are people -- we are people who love. We are people with heart. We are people who adore. We are people that are great. There is no country like the United States of America. (Applause.)
We have no division too deep for us to heal, and there is no enemy too strong for us to overcome. Because in America, we never lose faith, we never forget who we are, and we never stop striving for a better future.
Together, we cannot fail. We will not fail. We will make America great again -- greater than ever before. I promise. (Applause.)
So I want to thank you to the American Legion. You talk of greatness. You talk of greatness; the American Legion is greatness. Thank you very much to our servicemembers and to Don and to everybody in the room. Thank you to our great, great veterans.
May God bless you, may God Bless the United States of America. Thank you very much. It’s my honor. Thank you.
END
11:28 A.M. PDTFort Myer
Arlington, Virginia
9:02 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Thank you. Please be seated.
Vice President Pence, Secretary of State Tillerson, members of the Cabinet, General Dunford, Deputy Secretary Shanahan, and Colonel Duggan. Most especially, thank you to the men and women of Fort Myer and every member of the United States military at home and abroad.
We send our thoughts and prayers to the families of our brave sailors who were injured and lost after a tragic collision at sea, as well as to those conducting the search and recovery efforts.
I am here tonight to lay out our path forward in Afghanistan and South Asia. But before I provide the details of our new strategy, I want to say a few words to the servicemembers here with us tonight, to those watching from their posts, and to all Americans listening at home.
Since the founding of our republic, our country has produced a special class of heroes whose selflessness, courage, and resolve is unmatched in human history.
American patriots from every generation have given their last breath on the battlefield for our nation and for our freedom. Through their lives -- and though their lives were cut short, in their deeds they achieved total immortality.
By following the heroic example of those who fought to preserve our republic, we can find the inspiration our country needs to unify, to heal, and to remain one nation under God. The men and women of our military operate as one team, with one shared mission, and one shared sense of purpose.
They transcend every line of race, ethnicity, creed, and color to serve together -- and sacrifice together -- in absolutely perfect cohesion. That is because all servicemembers are brothers and sisters. They're all part of the same family; it's called the American family. They take the same oath, fight for the same flag, and live according to the same law. They are bound together by common purpose, mutual trust, and selfless devotion to our nation and to each other.
The soldier understands what we, as a nation, too often forget that a wound inflicted upon a single member of our community is a wound inflicted upon us all. When one part of America hurts, we all hurt. And when one citizen suffers an injustice, we all suffer together.
Loyalty to our nation demands loyalty to one another. Love for America requires love for all of its people. When we open our hearts to patriotism, there is no room for prejudice, no place for bigotry, and no tolerance for hate.
The young men and women we send to fight our wars abroad deserve to return to a country that is not at war with itself at home. We cannot remain a force for peace in the world if we are not at peace with each other.
As we send our bravest to defeat our enemies overseas -- and we will always win -- let us find the courage to heal our divisions within. Let us make a simple promise to the men and women we ask to fight in our name that, when they return home from battle, they will find a country that has renewed the sacred bonds of love and loyalty that unite us together as one.
Thanks to the vigilance and skill of the American military and of our many allies throughout the world, horrors on the scale of September 11th -- and nobody can ever forget that -- have not been repeated on our shores.
But we must also acknowledge the reality I am here to talk about tonight: that nearly 16 years after September 11th attacks, after the extraordinary sacrifice of blood and treasure, the American people are weary of war without victory. Nowhere is this more evident than with the war in Afghanistan, the longest war in American history -- 17 years.
I share the American people’s frustration. I also share their frustration over a foreign policy that has spent too much time, energy, money, and most importantly lives, trying to rebuild countries in our own image, instead of pursuing our security interests above all other considerations.
That is why, shortly after my inauguration, I directed Secretary of Defense Mattis and my national security team to undertake a comprehensive review of all strategic options in Afghanistan and South Asia.
My original instinct was to pull out -- and, historically, I like following my instincts. But all my life I've heard that decisions are much different when you sit behind the desk in the Oval Office; in other words, when you're President of the United States. So I studied Afghanistan in great detail and from every conceivable angle. After many meetings, over many months, we held our final meeting last Friday at Camp David, with my Cabinet and generals, to complete our strategy. I arrived at three fundamental conclusions about America’s core interests in Afghanistan.
First, our nation must seek an honorable and enduring outcome worthy of the tremendous sacrifices that have been made, especially the sacrifices of lives. The men and women who serve our nation in combat deserve a plan for victory. They deserve the tools they need, and the trust they have earned, to fight and to win.
Second, the consequences of a rapid exit are both predictable and unacceptable. 9/11, the worst terrorist attack in our history, was planned and directed from Afghanistan because that country was ruled by a government that gave comfort and shelter to terrorists. A hasty withdrawal would create a vacuum that terrorists, including ISIS and al Qaeda, would instantly fill, just as happened before September 11th.
And, as we know, in 2011, America hastily and mistakenly withdrew from Iraq. As a result, our hard-won gains slipped back into the hands of terrorist enemies. Our soldiers watched as cities they had fought for, and bled to liberate, and won, were occupied by a terrorist group called ISIS. The vacuum we created by leaving too soon gave safe haven for ISIS to spread, to grow, recruit, and launch attacks. We cannot repeat in Afghanistan the mistake our leaders made in Iraq.
Third and finally, I concluded that the security threats we face in Afghanistan and the broader region are immense. Today, 20 U.S.-designated foreign terrorist organizations are active in Afghanistan and Pakistan -- the highest concentration in any region anywhere in the world.
For its part, Pakistan often gives safe haven to agents of chaos, violence, and terror. The threat is worse because Pakistan and India are two nuclear-armed states whose tense relations threaten to spiral into conflict. And that could happen.
No one denies that we have inherited a challenging and troubling situation in Afghanistan and South Asia, but we do not have the luxury of going back in time and making different or better decisions. When I became President, I was given a bad and very complex hand, but I fully knew what I was getting into: big and intricate problems. But, one way or another, these problems will be solved -- I'm a problem solver -- and, in the end, we will win.
We must address the reality of the world as it exists right now -- the threats we face, and the confronting of all of the problems of today, and extremely predictable consequences of a hasty withdrawal.
We need look no further than last week’s vile, vicious attack in Barcelona to understand that terror groups will stop at nothing to commit the mass murder of innocent men, women and children. You saw it for yourself. Horrible.
As I outlined in my speech in Saudi Arabia three months ago, America and our partners are committed to stripping terrorists of their territory, cutting off their funding, and exposing the false allure of their evil ideology.
Terrorists who slaughter innocent people will find no glory in this life or the next. They are nothing but thugs, and criminals, and predators, and -- that's right -- losers. Working alongside our allies, we will break their will, dry up their recruitment, keep them from crossing our borders, and yes, we will defeat them, and we will defeat them handily.
In Afghanistan and Pakistan, America’s interests are clear: We must stop the resurgence of safe havens that enable terrorists to threaten America, and we must prevent nuclear weapons and materials from coming into the hands of terrorists and being used against us, or anywhere in the world for that matter.
But to prosecute this war, we will learn from history. As a result of our comprehensive review, American strategy in Afghanistan and South Asia will change dramatically in the following ways:
A core pillar of our new strategy is a shift from a time-based approach to one based on conditions. I’ve said it many times how counterproductive it is for the United States to announce in advance the dates we intend to begin, or end, military options. We will not talk about numbers of troops or our plans for further military activities.
Conditions on the ground -- not arbitrary timetables -- will guide our strategy from now on. America’s enemies must never know our plans or believe they can wait us out. I will not say when we are going to attack, but attack we will.
Another fundamental pillar of our new strategy is the integration of all instruments of American power -- diplomatic, economic, and military -- toward a successful outcome.
Someday, after an effective military effort, perhaps it will be possible to have a political settlement that includes elements of the Taliban in Afghanistan, but nobody knows if or when that will ever happen. America will continue its support for the Afghan government and the Afghan military as they confront the Taliban in the field.
Ultimately, it is up to the people of Afghanistan to take ownership of their future, to govern their society, and to achieve an everlasting peace. We are a partner and a friend, but we will not dictate to the Afghan people how to live, or how to govern their own complex society. We are not nation-building again. We are killing terrorists.
The next pillar of our new strategy is to change the approach and how to deal with Pakistan. We can no longer be silent about Pakistan’s safe havens for terrorist organizations, the Taliban, and other groups that pose a threat to the region and beyond. Pakistan has much to gain from partnering with our effort in Afghanistan. It has much to lose by continuing to harbor criminals and terrorists.
In the past, Pakistan has been a valued partner. Our militaries have worked together against common enemies. The Pakistani people have suffered greatly from terrorism and extremism. We recognize those contributions and those sacrifices.
But Pakistan has also sheltered the same organizations that try every single day to kill our people. We have been paying Pakistan billions and billions of dollars at the same time they are housing the very terrorists that we are fighting. But that will have to change, and that will change immediately. No partnership can survive a country’s harboring of militants and terrorists who target U.S. servicemembers and officials. It is time for Pakistan to demonstrate its commitment to civilization, order, and to peace.
Another critical part of the South Asia strategy for America is to further develop its strategic partnership with India -- the world’s largest democracy and a key security and economic partner of the United States. We appreciate India’s important contributions to stability in Afghanistan, but India makes billions of dollars in trade with the United States, and we want them to help us more with Afghanistan, especially in the area of economic assistance and development. We are committed to pursuing our shared objectives for peace and security in South Asia and the broader Indo-Pacific region.
Finally, my administration will ensure that you, the brave defenders of the American people, will have the necessary tools and rules of engagement to make this strategy work, and work effectively and work quickly.
I have already lifted restrictions the previous administration placed on our warfighters that prevented the Secretary of Defense and our commanders in the field from fully and swiftly waging battle against the enemy. Micromanagement from Washington, D.C. does not win battles. They are won in the field drawing upon the judgment and expertise of wartime commanders and frontline soldiers acting in real time, with real authority, and with a clear mission to defeat the enemy.
That’s why we will also expand authority for American armed forces to target the terrorist and criminal networks that sow violence and chaos throughout Afghanistan. These killers need to know they have nowhere to hide; that no place is beyond the reach of American might and Americans arms. Retribution will be fast and powerful.
As we lift restrictions and expand authorities in the field, we are already seeing dramatic results in the campaign to defeat ISIS, including the liberation of Mosul in Iraq.
Since my inauguration, we have achieved record-breaking success in that regard. We will also maximize sanctions and other financial and law enforcement actions against these networks to eliminate their ability to export terror. When America commits its warriors to battle, we must ensure they have every weapon to apply swift, decisive, and overwhelming force.
Our troops will fight to win. We will fight to win. From now on, victory will have a clear definition: attacking our enemies, obliterating ISIS, crushing al Qaeda, preventing the Taliban from taking over Afghanistan, and stopping mass terror attacks against America before they emerge.
We will ask our NATO allies and global partners to support our new strategy with additional troop and funding increases in line with our own. We are confident they will. Since taking office, I have made clear that our allies and partners must contribute much more money to our collective defense, and they have done so.
In this struggle, the heaviest burden will continue to be borne by the good people of Afghanistan and their courageous armed forces. As the prime minister of Afghanistan has promised, we are going to participate in economic development to help defray the cost of this war to us.
Afghanistan is fighting to defend and secure their country against the same enemies who threaten us. The stronger the Afghan security forces become, the less we will have to do. Afghans will secure and build their own nation and define their own future. We want them to succeed.
But we will no longer use American military might to construct democracies in faraway lands, or try to rebuild other countries in our own image. Those days are now over. Instead, we will work with allies and partners to protect our shared interests. We are not asking others to change their way of life, but to pursue common goals that allow our children to live better and safer lives. This principled realism will guide our decisions moving forward.
Military power alone will not bring peace to Afghanistan or stop the terrorist threat arising in that country. But strategically applied force aims to create the conditions for a political process to achieve a lasting peace.
America will work with the Afghan government as long as we see determination and progress. However, our commitment is not unlimited, and our support is not a blank check. The government of Afghanistan must carry their share of the military, political, and economic burden. The American people expect to see real reforms, real progress, and real results. Our patience is not unlimited. We will keep our eyes wide open.
In abiding by the oath I took on January 20th, I will remain steadfast in protecting American lives and American interests. In this effort, we will make common cause with any nation that chooses to stand and fight alongside us against this global threat. Terrorists take heed: America will never let up until you are dealt a lasting defeat.
Under my administration, many billions of dollars more is being spent on our military. And this includes vast amounts being spent on our nuclear arsenal and missile defense.
In every generation, we have faced down evil, and we have always prevailed. We prevailed because we know who we are and what we are fighting for.
Not far from where we are gathered tonight, hundreds of thousands of America’s greatest patriots lay in eternal rest at Arlington National Cemetery. There is more courage, sacrifice, and love in those hallowed grounds than in any other spot on the face of the Earth.
Many of those who have fought and died in Afghanistan enlisted in the months after September 11th, 2001. They volunteered for a simple reason: They loved America, and they were determined to protect her.
Now we must secure the cause for which they gave their lives. We must unite to defend America from its enemies abroad. We must restore the bonds of loyalty among our citizens at home, and we must achieve an honorable and enduring outcome worthy of the enormous price that so many have paid.
Our actions, and in the months to come, all of them will honor the sacrifice of every fallen hero, every family who lost a loved one, and every wounded warrior who shed their blood in defense of our great nation. With our resolve, we will ensure that your service and that your families will bring about the defeat of our enemies and the arrival of peace.
We will push onward to victory with power in our hearts, courage in our souls, and everlasting pride in each and every one of you.
Thank you. May God bless our military. And may God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
9:27 P.M. EDTTrump Tower
New York, New York
3:58 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Hello, everybody. Great to be back in New York with all of our friends, and some great friends outside the building, I must tell you. I want to thank all of our distinguished guests who are with us today, including members of our Cabinet: Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, OMB Director Mick Mulvaney and, of course, our Transportation Secretary -- who is doing a fabulous job -- Elaine Chao.
Thank you all for doing a really incredible and creative job on what we’re going to be discussing today, which is infrastructure. We’ve just had a great set of briefings upstairs on our infrastructure agenda. My administration is working every day to deliver the world-class infrastructure that our people deserve and, frankly, that our country deserves.
That’s why I just signed a new executive order to dramatically reform the nation’s badly broken infrastructure permitting process.
Just blocks away is the Empire State Building. It took 11 months to build the Empire State Building. But today, it can take as long as a decade and much more than that -- many, many stories where it takes 20 and 25 years just to get approvals to start construction of a fairly routine highway. Highway builders must get up to 16 different approvals involving nine different federal agencies governed by 29 different statutes. One agency alone can stall a project for many, many years, and even decades.
Not only does this cost our economy billions of dollars, but it also denies our citizens the safe and modern infrastructure they deserve. This overregulated permitting process is a massive self-inflicted wound on our country -- it’s disgraceful -- denying our people much-needed investments in their community.
And I just want to show you this because it was just shown to me, and I said, I think I’m going to show it to the media -- both real and fake media, by the way. This is what it takes to get something approved today. Elaine, you see that? So this is what it takes. Permitting process flowchart -- that’s a flowchart.
So that can go out to 20 years. This shows about 10, but that can go out to about 20 years to get something approved. This is for a highway. I’ve seen a highway recently in a certain state -- I won’t mention its name -- 17 years. I could have built it for four or five million dollars without the permitting process. It cost hundreds of millions of dollars, but it took 17 years to get it approved and many, many, many, many pages of environmental impact studies.
This is what we will bring it down to. This is less than two years. This is going to happen quickly. That’s what I’m signing today. This will be less than two years for a highway. So it’s going to be quick, it’s going to be a very streamlined process. And, by the way, if it doesn’t meet environmental safeguards, we’re not going to approve it. Very simple. We’re not going to approve it. Maybe this one will say, let’s throw the other one away. Would anybody like it from the media? (Laughter.) Would anybody like that long, beautiful chart? You can have it.
So my executive order also requires agencies to work together efficiently by requiring one lead agency for each major infrastructure project. It also holds agencies accountable if they fail to streamline their review process. So each agency is accountable. We’re going to get infrastructure built quickly, inexpensively -- relatively speaking -- and the permitting process will go very, very quickly.
No longer will we tolerate one job-killing delay after another. No longer will we accept a broken system that benefits consultants and lobbyists at the expense of hardworking Americans.
Now, I knew the process very well -- probably better than anybody. I had to get permits for this building and many of the buildings I built -- all of the buildings I built in Manhattan and many other places. And I will tell you that the consultants are rich people. They go around making it very difficult. They lobby Congress, they lobby state governments, city governments to make it very difficult so that you have to hire consultants, and that you have to take years and pay them a fortune. So we’re streamlining the process, and we won’t be having so much of that anymore.
No longer will we allow the infrastructure of our magnificent country to crumble and decay. While protecting the environment, we will build gleaming new roads, bridges, railways, waterways, tunnels, and highways. We will rebuild our country with American workers, American iron, American aluminum, American steel. We will create millions of new jobs and make millions of American dreams come true.
Our infrastructure will again be the best in the world. We used to have the greatest infrastructure anywhere in the world, and today we’re like a third-world country. We are literally like a third-world country. Our infrastructure will again be the best, and we will restore the pride in our communities, our nation, and all over the United States we’ll be proud again.
So I want to thank everybody for being here. God bless you. God bless the United States.
And if you have any questions, we have -- Mick, you can come up here please. Come on up. Mick Mulvaney.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask.
Q Mr. President, why do you think these CEOs are leaving your manufacturing council?
THE PRESIDENT: Because they're not taking their job seriously as it pertains to this country. And we want jobs, manufacturing in this country. If you look at some of those people that you're talking about they’re outside of the country, they're having a lot of their product made outsider. If you look at Merck as an example, take a look where -- excuse me, excuse me -- take a look at where their product is made. It's made outside of our country. We want products made in the country.
Now, I have to tell you, some of the folks that will leave, they're leaving out of embarrassment because they make their products outside. And I've been lecturing them, including the gentleman that you're referring to, about you have to bring it back to this country. You can't do it necessarily in Ireland and all of these other places. You have to bring this work back to this country. That's what I want. I want manufacturing to be back into the United States so that American workers can benefit.
Q Let me ask you, Mr. President, why did you wait so long to blast neo-Nazis?
THE PRESIDENT: I didn’t wait long.
Q You waited two days --
THE PRESIDENT: I didn’t wait long.
Q Forty-eight hours.
THE PRESIDENT: I wanted to make sure, unlike most politicians, that what I said was correct -- not make a quick statement. The statement I made on Saturday, the first statement, was a fine statement. But you don’t make statements that direct unless you know the facts. It takes a little while to get the facts. You still don’t know the facts. And it's a very, very important process to me, and it's a very important statement.
So I don’t want to go quickly and just make a statement for the sake of making a political statement. I want to know the facts. If you go back to --
Q So you had to (inaudible) white supremacists?
THE PRESIDENT: I brought it. I brought it. I brought it.
Q Was it terrorism, in your opinion, what happened?
THE PRESIDENT: As I said on -- remember, Saturday -- we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence. It has no place in America. And then it went on from there.
Now, here's the thing --
Q (Inaudible) many sides.
THE PRESIDENT: Excuse me. Excuse me. Take it nice and easy. Here's the thing: When I make a statement, I like to be correct. I want the facts. This event just happened. In fact, a lot of the event didn’t even happen yet, as we were speaking. This event just happened.
Before I make a statement, I need the facts. So I don’t want to rush into a statement. So making the statement when I made it was excellent. In fact, the young woman, who I hear was a fantastic young woman, and it was on NBC -- her mother wrote me and said through, I guess, Twitter, social media, the nicest things. And I very much appreciated that. I hear she was a fine -- really, actually, an incredible young woman. But her mother, on Twitter, thanked me for what I said.
And honestly, if the press were not fake, and if it was honest, the press would have said what I said was very nice. But unlike you, and unlike -- excuse me, unlike you and unlike the media, before I make a statement, I like to know the facts.
Q Why do Nazis like you -- (inaudible) -- these statements?
THE PRESIDENT: They don’t. They don’t.
Q They do. Look --
(Cross-talk.)
THE PRESIDENT: How about a couple of infrastructure questions.
Q Was it terrorism, that event? Was that terrorism?
Q The CEO of Walmart said you missed a critical opportunity --
THE PRESIDENT: Say it. What?
Q The CEO of Walmart said you missed a critical opportunity to help bring the country together. Did you?
THE PRESIDENT: Not at all. I think the country -- look, you take a look. I've created over a million jobs since I'm President. The country is booming. The stock market is setting records. We have the highest employment numbers we've ever had in the history of our country. We're doing record business. We have the highest levels of enthusiasm. So the head of Walmart, who I know -- who's a very nice guy -- was making a political statement. I mean --
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: I'd do it the same way. And you know why? Because I want to make sure, when I make a statement, that the statement is correct. And there was no way -- there was no way of making a correct statement that early. I had to see the facts, unlike a lot of reporters. Unlike a lot of reporters --
Q Nazis were there.
Q David Duke was there.
THE PRESIDENT: I didn’t know David Duke was there. I wanted to see the facts. And the facts, as they started coming out, were very well stated. In fact, everybody said, "His statement was beautiful. If he would have made it sooner, that would have been good." I couldn’t have made it sooner because I didn’t know all of the facts. Frankly, people still don’t know all of the facts.
It was very important -- excuse me, excuse me -- it was very important to me to get the facts out and correctly. Because if I would have made a fast statement -- and the first statement was made without knowing much, other than what we were seeing. The second statement was made after, with knowledge, with great knowledge. There are still things -- excuse me -- there are still things that people don’t know.
I want to make a statement with knowledge. I wanted to know the facts.
Q Two questions. Was this terrorism? And can you tell us how you're feeling about your chief strategist, Stephen Bannon?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I think the driver of the car is a disgrace to himself, his family, and this country. And that is -- you can call it terrorism. You can call it murder. You can call it whatever you want. I would just call it as "the fastest one to come up with a good verdict." That's what I'd call it. Because there is a question: Is it murder? Is it terrorism? And then you get into legal semantics. The driver of the car is a murderer. And what he did was a horrible, horrible, inexcusable thing.
Q Can you tell us how you're feeling about your chief strategist, Mr. Bannon? Can you talk about that?
THE PRESIDENT: Go ahead.
Q I would echo Maggie's question. Steve Bannon has come under --
THE PRESIDENT: I never spoke to Mr. Bannon about it.
Q Can you tell us broadly what your -- do you still have confidence in Steve?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, we'll see. Look, look -- I like Mr. Bannon. He's a friend of mine. But Mr. Bannon came on very late. You know that. I went through 17 senators, governors, and I won all the primaries. Mr. Bannon came on very much later than that. And I like him, he's a good man. He is not a racist, I can tell you that. He's a good person. He actually gets very unfair press in that regard. But we'll see what happens with Mr. Bannon. But he's a good person, and I think the press treats him, frankly, very unfairly.
Q Senator McCain has called on you to defend your National Security Advisor, H.R. McMaster, against these attacks.
THE PRESIDENT: I did it the last time.
Q And he called on it again, linking --
THE PRESIDENT: Senator McCain?
Q -- to the alt-right, and saying --
THE PRESIDENT: Senator McCain?
Q Yes.
THE PRESIDENT: You mean the one who voted against Obamacare?
Q And he said --
THE PRESIDENT: Who is -- you mean Senator McCain who voted against us getting good healthcare?
Q Senator McCain said that the alt-right is behind these attacks, and he linked that same group to those who perpetrated the attack in Charlottesville.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I don’t know. I can't tell you. I'm sure Senator McCain must know what he's talking about. But when you say the alt-right, define alt-right to me. You define it. Go ahead.
Q Well, I'm saying, as Senator --
THE PRESIDENT: No, define it for me. Come on, let's go. Define it for me.
Q Senator McCain defined them as the same group --
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, what about the alt-left that came charging at -- excuse me, what about the alt-left that came charging at the, as you say, the alt-right? Do they have any semblance of guilt?
Let me ask you this: What about the fact that they came charging with clubs in their hands, swinging clubs? Do they have any problem? I think they do. As far as I'm concerned, that was a horrible, horrible day.
Q You're not putting these --
THE PRESIDENT: Wait a minute. I'm not finished. I'm not finished, fake news. That was a horrible day --
Q Sir, you're not putting these protestors on the same level as neo-Nazis --
Q Is the alt-left as bad as white supremacy?
THE PRESIDENT: I will tell you something. I watched those very closely -- much more closely than you people watched it. And you have -- you had a group on one side that was bad, and you had a group on the other side that was also very violent. And nobody wants to say that, but I'll say it right now. You had a group -- you had a group on the other side that came charging in, without a permit, and they were very, very violent.
Q Is the alt-left as bad as Nazis? Are they as bad as Nazis?
THE PRESIDENT: Go ahead.
Q Do you think that what you call the alt-left is the same as neo-Nazis?
THE PRESIDENT: Those people -- all of those people --excuse me, I've condemned neo-Nazis. I've condemned many different groups. But not all of those people were neo-Nazis, believe me. Not all of those people were white supremacists by any stretch. Those people were also there because they wanted to protest the taking down of a statue of Robert E. Lee.
Q Should that statue be taken down?
THE PRESIDENT: Excuse me. If you take a look at some of the groups, and you see -- and you'd know it if you were honest reporters, which in many cases you're not -- but many of those people were there to protest the taking down of the statue of Robert E. Lee.
So this week it's Robert E. Lee. I noticed that Stonewall Jackson is coming down. I wonder, is it George Washington next week? And is it Thomas Jefferson the week after? You know, you really do have to ask yourself, where does it stop?
But they were there to protest -- excuse me, if you take a look, the night before they were there to protest the taking down of the statue of Robert E. Lee.
Infrastructure question. Go ahead.
Q Should the statues of Robert E. Lee stay up?
THE PRESIDENT: I would say that's up to a local town, community, or the federal government, depending on where it is located.
Q How concerned are you about race relations in America? And do you think things have gotten worse or better since you took office?
THE PRESIDENT: I think they've gotten better or the same. Look, they've been frayed for a long time. And you can ask President Obama about that, because he'd make speeches about it. But I believe that the fact that I brought in -- it will be soon -- millions of jobs -- you see where companies are moving back into our country -- I think that's going to have a tremendous, positive impact on race relations.
We have companies coming back into our country. We have two car companies that just announced. We have Foxconn in Wisconsin just announced. We have many companies, I say, pouring back into the country. I think that's going to have a huge, positive impact on race relations. You know why? It's jobs. What people want now, they want jobs. They want great jobs with good pay, and when they have that, you watch how race relations will be.
And I’ll tell you, we’re spending a lot of money on the inner cities. We’re fixing the inner cities. We’re doing far more than anybody has done with respect to the inner cities. It’s a priority for me, and it’s very important.
Q Mr. President, are you putting what you’re calling the alt-left and white supremacists on the same moral plane?
THE PRESIDENT: I’m not putting anybody on a moral plane. What I’m saying is this: You had a group on one side and you had a group on the other, and they came at each other with clubs -- and it was vicious and it was horrible. And it was a horrible thing to watch.
But there is another side. There was a group on this side. You can call them the left -- you just called them the left -- that came violently attacking the other group. So you can say what you want, but that’s the way it is.
Q (Inaudible) both sides, sir. You said there was hatred, there was violence on both sides. Are the --
THE PRESIDENT: Yes, I think there’s blame on both sides. If you look at both sides -- I think there’s blame on both sides. And I have no doubt about it, and you don’t have any doubt about it either.
And if you reported it accurately, you would say.
Q The neo-Nazis started this. They showed up in Charlottesville to protest --
THE PRESIDENT: Excuse me, excuse me. They didn’t put themselves -- and you had some very bad people in that group, but you also had people that were very fine people, on both sides. You had people in that group.
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: Excuse me, excuse me. I saw the same pictures as you did.
You had people in that group that were there to protest the taking down of, to them, a very, very important statue and the renaming of a park from Robert E. Lee to another name.
Q George Washington and Robert E. Lee are not the same.
THE PRESIDENT: George Washington was a slave owner. Was George Washington a slave owner? So will George Washington now lose his status? Are we going to take down --
Excuse me, are we going to take down statues to George Washington? How about Thomas Jefferson? What do you think of Thomas Jefferson? You like him?
Q I do love Thomas Jefferson.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, good. Are we going to take down the statue? Because he was a major slave owner. Now, are we going to take down his statue?
So you know what, it’s fine. You’re changing history. You’re changing culture. And you had people -- and I’m not talking about the neo-Nazis and the white nationalists -- because they should be condemned totally. But you had many people in that group other than neo-Nazis and white nationalists. Okay? And the press has treated them absolutely unfairly.
Now, in the other group also, you had some fine people. But you also had troublemakers, and you see them come with the black outfits and with the helmets, and with the baseball bats. You had a lot of bad people in the other group.
Q Who are the good people?
Q Sir, I just didn’t understand what you were saying. You were saying the press has treated white nationalists unfairly? I just don’t understand what you were saying.
THE PRESIDENT: No, no. There were people in that rally -- and I looked the night before -- if you look, there were people protesting very quietly the taking down of the statue of Robert E. Lee. I’m sure in that group there were some bad ones. The following day it looked like they had some rough, bad people -- neo-Nazis, white nationalists, whatever you want to call them.
But you had a lot of people in that group that were there to innocently protest, and very legally protest -- because I don’t know if you know, they had a permit. The other group didn’t have a permit. So I only tell you this: There are two sides to a story. I thought what took place was a horrible moment for our country -- a horrible moment. But there are two sides to the country.
Does anybody have a final --
Q I have an infrastructure question.
THE PRESIDENT: You have an infrastructure --
Q What makes you think you can get an infrastructure bill? You didn’t get healthcare --
THE PRESIDENT: Well, you know, I’ll tell you. We came very close with healthcare. Unfortunately, John McCain decided to vote against it at the last minute. You’ll have to ask John McCain why he did that. But we came very close to healthcare. We will end up getting healthcare. But we’ll get the infrastructure. And actually, infrastructure is something that I think we’ll have bipartisan support on. I actually think Democrats will go along with the infrastructure.
Q Mr. President, have you spoken to the family of the victim of the car attack?
THE PRESIDENT: No, I’ll be reaching out. I’ll be reaching out.
Q When will you be reaching out?
THE PRESIDENT: I thought that the statement put out -- the mother’s statement I thought was a beautiful statement. I will tell you, it was something that I really appreciated. I thought it was terrific. And, really, under the kind of stress that she’s under and the heartache that she’s under, I thought putting out that statement, to me, was really something. I won’t forget it.
Thank you, all, very much. Thank you. Thank you.
* * * *
Q Will you go to Charlottesville? Will you go to check out what happened?
THE PRESIDENT: I own a house in Charlottesville. Does anyone know I own a house in Charlottesville?
Q Where is it?
THE PRESIDENT: Oh boy, it’s going to be --
Q Where is it?
THE PRESIDENT: It's in Charlottesville. You'll see.
Q Is it a winery or something?
THE PRESIDENT: It is the winery.
I mean, I know a lot about Charlottesville. Charlottesville is a great place that's been very badly hurt over the last couple of days.
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: I own, actually, one of the largest wineries in the United States. It's in Charlottesville.
Q Do you believe your words are helping to heal this country right now?
Q What do you think needs to be done to overcome the racial divides in this country?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I think jobs can have a big impact. I think if we continue to create jobs -- over a million, substantially more than a million. And you see just the other day, the car companies coming in with Foxconn. I think if we continue to create jobs at levels that I’m creating jobs, I think that’s going to have a tremendous impact -- positive impact on race relations.
Q Your remarks today, how do you think that will impact the racial, sort of conflict, today?
THE PRESIDENT: The people are going to be working, they’re going to be making a lot of money -- much more money than they ever thought possible. But that’s going to happen.
Q Your remarks today.
THE PRESIDENT: And the other thing -- very important -- I believe wages will start going up. They haven’t gone up for a long time. I believe wages now -- because the economy is doing so well with respect to employment and unemployment, I believe wages will start to go up. I think that will have a tremendously positive impact on race relations.
END
4:21 P.M. EDTDiplomatic Room
12:38 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. I’m in Washington today to meet with my economic team about trade policy and major tax cuts and reform. We are renegotiating trade deals and making them good for the American worker. And it's about time.
Our economy is now strong. The stock market continues to hit record highs, unemployment is at a 16-year low, and businesses are more optimistic than ever before. Companies are moving back to the United States and bringing many thousands of jobs with them. We have already created over one million jobs since I took office.
We will be discussing economic issues in greater detail later this afternoon, but, based on the events that took place over the weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia, I would like to provide the nation with an update on the ongoing federal response to the horrific attack and violence that was witnessed by everyone.
I just met with FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions. The Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation into the deadly car attack that killed one innocent American and wounded 20 others. To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend’s racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered.
As I said on Saturday, we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence. It has no place in America.
And as I have said many times before: No matter the color of our skin, we all live under the same laws, we all salute the same great flag, and we are all made by the same almighty God. We must love each other, show affection for each other, and unite together in condemnation of hatred, bigotry, and violence. We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans.
Racism is evil. And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.
We are a nation founded on the truth that all of us are created equal. We are equal in the eyes of our Creator. We are equal under the law. And we are equal under our Constitution. Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America.
Two days ago, a young American woman, Heather Heyer, was tragically killed. Her death fills us with grief, and we send her family our thoughts, our prayers, and our love.
We also mourn the two Virginia state troopers who died in service to their community, their commonwealth, and their country. Troopers Jay Cullen and Burke Bates exemplify the very best of America, and our hearts go out to their families, their friends, and every member of American law enforcement.
These three fallen Americans embody the goodness and decency of our nation. In times such as these, America has always shown its true character: responding to hate with love, division with unity, and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice.
As a candidate, I promised to restore law and order to our country, and our federal law enforcement agencies are following through on that pledge. We will spare no resource in fighting so that every American child can grow up free from violence and fear. We will defend and protect the sacred rights of all Americans, and we will work together so that every citizen in this blessed land is free to follow their dreams in their hearts, and to express the love and joy in their souls.
Thank you. God bless you. And God bless America. Thank you very much.
END
12:43 P.M. EDTTrump National Golf Club
Bedminster, New Jersey
3:33 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much. As you know, this was a small press conference but a very important one, and it was scheduled to talk about the great things that we're doing with the Secretary on the Veterans Administration. And we will talk about that very much so in a little while, but I thought I should put out a comment as to what's going on in Charlottesville.
So, again, I want to thank everybody for being here. In particular, I want to thank our incredible veterans. And thank you, fellas. Let me shake your hand.
(The President shakes hands with veterans.)
Great people. They're great people.
But we're closely following the terrible events unfolding in Charlottesville, Virginia. We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence, on many sides. On many sides. It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump, not Barack Obama. This has been going on for a long, long time.
It has no place in America. What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives. No citizen should ever fear for their safety and security in our society, and no child should ever be afraid to go outside and play, or be with their parents, and have a good time.
I just got off the phone with the Governor of Virginia, Terry McAuliffe, and we agreed that the hate and the division must stop, and must stop right now. We have to come together as Americans with love for our nation and true affection -- really -- and I say this so strongly -- true affection for each other.
Our country is doing very well in so many ways. We have record -- just absolute record employment. We have unemployment, the lowest it's been in almost 17 years. We have companies pouring into our country. Foxconn and car companies, and so many others, they're coming back to our country. We're renegotiating trade deals to make them great for our country and great for the American worker. We have so many incredible things happening in our country. So when I watch Charlottesville, to me it's very, very sad.
I want to salute the great work of the state and local police in Virginia -- incredible people -- law enforcement, incredible people -- and also the National Guard. They've really been working smart and working hard. They've been doing a terrific job. The federal authorities are also providing tremendous support to the governor. He thanked me for that. And we are here to provide whatever other assistance is needed. We are ready, willing, and able.
Above all else, we must remember this truth: No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are all Americans first. We love our country. We love our God. We love our flag. We're proud of our country. We're proud of who we are. So we want to get the situation straightened out in Charlottesville, and we want to study it. And we want to see what we're doing wrong as a country, where things like this can happen.
My administration is restoring the sacred bonds of loyalty between this nation and its citizens, but our citizens must also restore the bonds of trust and loyalty between one another. We must love each other, respect each other, and cherish our history and our future together. So important. We have to respect each other. Ideally, we have to love each other.
And now to the Veterans Administration, where I'm so proud of David Shulkin and the job you've done -- what you've done in such a short period of time. I think you folks would attest to it. If anybody disagrees, you can leave the room right now. (Laughter.)
But David really has. He's a star, what he's been able to do. So, David, I'd like to thank you very much for your leadership and for the profound improvements to the VA services that you've made in such a short period of time.
Today is another milestone in our work to transform the VA, where we're doing record-setting business, including something called the Accountability Act, where David and his executives can now hold people accountable for doing a poor job and say, "You're fired." You do a poor job for our veterans -- you're fired. That's been in the making for 40 years; they weren’t able to get it approved. One of our legislative successes. Frankly, one of our many legislative successes. We got it approved. And I know, David, it's making life a lot better, and people are working a lot harder because of it.
In a few moments, I will sign the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act of 2017. This bill will ensure that veterans continue to have the ability to see the doctor of their choice -- so important -- and don't have to wait or travel long distances for care. And during the campaign, I kept talking about it. People -- these great, incredible veterans -- our finest -- they're waiting in line for seven days, nine days, fourteen days, for ailments that could be fixed quickly, and they end up dying of things that could be taken care of very, very routinely. And I said, that's never going to happen when I'm President.
And I said, even at the time, before having tremendous research given to me, and after the research was given, it was still back to the same, basic common sense. Why can't they go out and see a doctor? If they have to wait seven days or fourteen days in line, why can't they see a doctor, and we'll pay for the cost of the doctor? And that's going to be a lot less expensive, but, more importantly, you're going to have immediate medical care for our veterans, and that's what we're doing. And they're very, very thankful. And it started already, quite a little while ago, considering we're a very young administration. And I think you see from the veterans, they're very, very proud of it and very happy.
Very importantly, this bill also authorizes new community-based outpatient clinics and improves the VA’s ability to hire quality job candidates. We're getting candidates that are of the highest quality into the VA system now, so that our veterans have more choices and more access to the absolute best possible care.
I want to thank Congressman Phil Roe, Senator Johnny Isakson -- they two people have been working so hard -- Senator Dean Heller for their dedicated efforts to get this bill through Congress. It was very, very tough for reasons that I guess I understand, but it was not easy. And I will tell you that Phil and Johnny and Dean worked very, very hard to get it through. And, by the way, I can also say others -- and even some Democrats. Do you want to say their names?
SECRETARY SHULKIN: Sure.
THE PRESIDENT: Go ahead. Say their names.
SECRETARY SHULKIN: Senator Tester and Representative Walz were key in helping us get this done, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Good. See? I can do it. (Laughter.)
But people fought, and they really fought us hard. And now the administration is fighting for you. We're working night and day to ensure our brave veterans are provided with world-class treatment -- which is what they're getting -- world-class treatment. And, by the way, again, we're here for just a little more than six months -- you're seeing it on a daily basis, get better and better and better. And you're hearing it from the veterans. But they're getting this great medical treatment, care, procedures, and we're getting our facilities shaped up and made into world-class facilities at the same time.
So our great veterans deserve only the best, and that's exactly what they're getting.
I want to thank everybody for being here, especially the wonderful veterans behind me. They have helped us so much. They're spectacular people.
And again, going back to Charlottesville, we have to heal the wounds of our country. These are wounds that have been going on for, really, a long time. And I thought, and everybody thought, and everybody wants it to heal, and it will heal. And we're going to make every effort possible to make sure that that healing procedure goes as quickly as possible.
I love the people of our country. I love all of the people of our country. We're going to make America great again, but we're going to make it great for all of the people of the United States of America.
Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.
They'd like me to sign the bill here instead of outside, so I think we'll do that. Okay? Thank you.
(The bill is signed.) (Applause.)
Okay? Thank you very much, everybody. Appreciate it.
END
3:46 P.M. EDTFort Myer
Arlington, Virginia
9:02 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Thank you. Please be seated.
Vice President Pence, Secretary of State Tillerson, members of the Cabinet, General Dunford, Deputy Secretary Shanahan, and Colonel Duggan. Most especially, thank you to the men and women of Fort Myer and every member of the United States military at home and abroad.
We send our thoughts and prayers to the families of our brave sailors who were injured and lost after a tragic collision at sea, as well as to those conducting the search and recovery efforts.
I am here tonight to lay out our path forward in Afghanistan and South Asia. But before I provide the details of our new strategy, I want to say a few words to the servicemembers here with us tonight, to those watching from their posts, and to all Americans listening at home.
Since the founding of our republic, our country has produced a special class of heroes whose selflessness, courage, and resolve is unmatched in human history.
American patriots from every generation have given their last breath on the battlefield for our nation and for our freedom. Through their lives -- and though their lives were cut short, in their deeds they achieved total immortality.
By following the heroic example of those who fought to preserve our republic, we can find the inspiration our country needs to unify, to heal, and to remain one nation under God. The men and women of our military operate as one team, with one shared mission, and one shared sense of purpose.
They transcend every line of race, ethnicity, creed, and color to serve together -- and sacrifice together -- in absolutely perfect cohesion. That is because all servicemembers are brothers and sisters. They're all part of the same family; it's called the American family. They take the same oath, fight for the same flag, and live according to the same law. They are bound together by common purpose, mutual trust, and selfless devotion to our nation and to each other.
The soldier understands what we, as a nation, too often forget that a wound inflicted upon a single member of our community is a wound inflicted upon us all. When one part of America hurts, we all hurt. And when one citizen suffers an injustice, we all suffer together.
Loyalty to our nation demands loyalty to one another. Love for America requires love for all of its people. When we open our hearts to patriotism, there is no room for prejudice, no place for bigotry, and no tolerance for hate.
The young men and women we send to fight our wars abroad deserve to return to a country that is not at war with itself at home. We cannot remain a force for peace in the world if we are not at peace with each other.
As we send our bravest to defeat our enemies overseas -- and we will always win -- let us find the courage to heal our divisions within. Let us make a simple promise to the men and women we ask to fight in our name that, when they return home from battle, they will find a country that has renewed the sacred bonds of love and loyalty that unite us together as one.
Thanks to the vigilance and skill of the American military and of our many allies throughout the world, horrors on the scale of September 11th -- and nobody can ever forget that -- have not been repeated on our shores.
But we must also acknowledge the reality I am here to talk about tonight: that nearly 16 years after September 11th attacks, after the extraordinary sacrifice of blood and treasure, the American people are weary of war without victory. Nowhere is this more evident than with the war in Afghanistan, the longest war in American history -- 17 years.
I share the American people’s frustration. I also share their frustration over a foreign policy that has spent too much time, energy, money, and most importantly lives, trying to rebuild countries in our own image, instead of pursuing our security interests above all other considerations.
That is why, shortly after my inauguration, I directed Secretary of Defense Mattis and my national security team to undertake a comprehensive review of all strategic options in Afghanistan and South Asia.
My original instinct was to pull out -- and, historically, I like following my instincts. But all my life I've heard that decisions are much different when you sit behind the desk in the Oval Office; in other words, when you're President of the United States. So I studied Afghanistan in great detail and from every conceivable angle. After many meetings, over many months, we held our final meeting last Friday at Camp David, with my Cabinet and generals, to complete our strategy. I arrived at three fundamental conclusions about America’s core interests in Afghanistan.
First, our nation must seek an honorable and enduring outcome worthy of the tremendous sacrifices that have been made, especially the sacrifices of lives. The men and women who serve our nation in combat deserve a plan for victory. They deserve the tools they need, and the trust they have earned, to fight and to win.
Second, the consequences of a rapid exit are both predictable and unacceptable. 9/11, the worst terrorist attack in our history, was planned and directed from Afghanistan because that country was ruled by a government that gave comfort and shelter to terrorists. A hasty withdrawal would create a vacuum that terrorists, including ISIS and al Qaeda, would instantly fill, just as happened before September 11th.
And, as we know, in 2011, America hastily and mistakenly withdrew from Iraq. As a result, our hard-won gains slipped back into the hands of terrorist enemies. Our soldiers watched as cities they had fought for, and bled to liberate, and won, were occupied by a terrorist group called ISIS. The vacuum we created by leaving too soon gave safe haven for ISIS to spread, to grow, recruit, and launch attacks. We cannot repeat in Afghanistan the mistake our leaders made in Iraq.
Third and finally, I concluded that the security threats we face in Afghanistan and the broader region are immense. Today, 20 U.S.-designated foreign terrorist organizations are active in Afghanistan and Pakistan -- the highest concentration in any region anywhere in the world.
For its part, Pakistan often gives safe haven to agents of chaos, violence, and terror. The threat is worse because Pakistan and India are two nuclear-armed states whose tense relations threaten to spiral into conflict. And that could happen.
No one denies that we have inherited a challenging and troubling situation in Afghanistan and South Asia, but we do not have the luxury of going back in time and making different or better decisions. When I became President, I was given a bad and very complex hand, but I fully knew what I was getting into: big and intricate problems. But, one way or another, these problems will be solved -- I'm a problem solver -- and, in the end, we will win.
We must address the reality of the world as it exists right now -- the threats we face, and the confronting of all of the problems of today, and extremely predictable consequences of a hasty withdrawal.
We need look no further than last week’s vile, vicious attack in Barcelona to understand that terror groups will stop at nothing to commit the mass murder of innocent men, women and children. You saw it for yourself. Horrible.
As I outlined in my speech in Saudi Arabia three months ago, America and our partners are committed to stripping terrorists of their territory, cutting off their funding, and exposing the false allure of their evil ideology.
Terrorists who slaughter innocent people will find no glory in this life or the next. They are nothing but thugs, and criminals, and predators, and -- that's right -- losers. Working alongside our allies, we will break their will, dry up their recruitment, keep them from crossing our borders, and yes, we will defeat them, and we will defeat them handily.
In Afghanistan and Pakistan, America’s interests are clear: We must stop the resurgence of safe havens that enable terrorists to threaten America, and we must prevent nuclear weapons and materials from coming into the hands of terrorists and being used against us, or anywhere in the world for that matter.
But to prosecute this war, we will learn from history. As a result of our comprehensive review, American strategy in Afghanistan and South Asia will change dramatically in the following ways:
A core pillar of our new strategy is a shift from a time-based approach to one based on conditions. I’ve said it many times how counterproductive it is for the United States to announce in advance the dates we intend to begin, or end, military options. We will not talk about numbers of troops or our plans for further military activities.
Conditions on the ground -- not arbitrary timetables -- will guide our strategy from now on. America’s enemies must never know our plans or believe they can wait us out. I will not say when we are going to attack, but attack we will.
Another fundamental pillar of our new strategy is the integration of all instruments of American power -- diplomatic, economic, and military -- toward a successful outcome.
Someday, after an effective military effort, perhaps it will be possible to have a political settlement that includes elements of the Taliban in Afghanistan, but nobody knows if or when that will ever happen. America will continue its support for the Afghan government and the Afghan military as they confront the Taliban in the field.
Ultimately, it is up to the people of Afghanistan to take ownership of their future, to govern their society, and to achieve an everlasting peace. We are a partner and a friend, but we will not dictate to the Afghan people how to live, or how to govern their own complex society. We are not nation-building again. We are killing terrorists.
The next pillar of our new strategy is to change the approach and how to deal with Pakistan. We can no longer be silent about Pakistan’s safe havens for terrorist organizations, the Taliban, and other groups that pose a threat to the region and beyond. Pakistan has much to gain from partnering with our effort in Afghanistan. It has much to lose by continuing to harbor criminals and terrorists.
In the past, Pakistan has been a valued partner. Our militaries have worked together against common enemies. The Pakistani people have suffered greatly from terrorism and extremism. We recognize those contributions and those sacrifices.
But Pakistan has also sheltered the same organizations that try every single day to kill our people. We have been paying Pakistan billions and billions of dollars at the same time they are housing the very terrorists that we are fighting. But that will have to change, and that will change immediately. No partnership can survive a country’s harboring of militants and terrorists who target U.S. servicemembers and officials. It is time for Pakistan to demonstrate its commitment to civilization, order, and to peace.
Another critical part of the South Asia strategy for America is to further develop its strategic partnership with India -- the world’s largest democracy and a key security and economic partner of the United States. We appreciate India’s important contributions to stability in Afghanistan, but India makes billions of dollars in trade with the United States, and we want them to help us more with Afghanistan, especially in the area of economic assistance and development. We are committed to pursuing our shared objectives for peace and security in South Asia and the broader Indo-Pacific region.
Finally, my administration will ensure that you, the brave defenders of the American people, will have the necessary tools and rules of engagement to make this strategy work, and work effectively and work quickly.
I have already lifted restrictions the previous administration placed on our warfighters that prevented the Secretary of Defense and our commanders in the field from fully and swiftly waging battle against the enemy. Micromanagement from Washington, D.C. does not win battles. They are won in the field drawing upon the judgment and expertise of wartime commanders and frontline soldiers acting in real time, with real authority, and with a clear mission to defeat the enemy.
That’s why we will also expand authority for American armed forces to target the terrorist and criminal networks that sow violence and chaos throughout Afghanistan. These killers need to know they have nowhere to hide; that no place is beyond the reach of American might and Americans arms. Retribution will be fast and powerful.
As we lift restrictions and expand authorities in the field, we are already seeing dramatic results in the campaign to defeat ISIS, including the liberation of Mosul in Iraq.
Since my inauguration, we have achieved record-breaking success in that regard. We will also maximize sanctions and other financial and law enforcement actions against these networks to eliminate their ability to export terror. When America commits its warriors to battle, we must ensure they have every weapon to apply swift, decisive, and overwhelming force.
Our troops will fight to win. We will fight to win. From now on, victory will have a clear definition: attacking our enemies, obliterating ISIS, crushing al Qaeda, preventing the Taliban from taking over Afghanistan, and stopping mass terror attacks against America before they emerge.
We will ask our NATO allies and global partners to support our new strategy with additional troop and funding increases in line with our own. We are confident they will. Since taking office, I have made clear that our allies and partners must contribute much more money to our collective defense, and they have done so.
In this struggle, the heaviest burden will continue to be borne by the good people of Afghanistan and their courageous armed forces. As the prime minister of Afghanistan has promised, we are going to participate in economic development to help defray the cost of this war to us.
Afghanistan is fighting to defend and secure their country against the same enemies who threaten us. The stronger the Afghan security forces become, the less we will have to do. Afghans will secure and build their own nation and define their own future. We want them to succeed.
But we will no longer use American military might to construct democracies in faraway lands, or try to rebuild other countries in our own image. Those days are now over. Instead, we will work with allies and partners to protect our shared interests. We are not asking others to change their way of life, but to pursue common goals that allow our children to live better and safer lives. This principled realism will guide our decisions moving forward.
Military power alone will not bring peace to Afghanistan or stop the terrorist threat arising in that country. But strategically applied force aims to create the conditions for a political process to achieve a lasting peace.
America will work with the Afghan government as long as we see determination and progress. However, our commitment is not unlimited, and our support is not a blank check. The government of Afghanistan must carry their share of the military, political, and economic burden. The American people expect to see real reforms, real progress, and real results. Our patience is not unlimited. We will keep our eyes wide open.
In abiding by the oath I took on January 20th, I will remain steadfast in protecting American lives and American interests. In this effort, we will make common cause with any nation that chooses to stand and fight alongside us against this global threat. Terrorists take heed: America will never let up until you are dealt a lasting defeat.
Under my administration, many billions of dollars more is being spent on our military. And this includes vast amounts being spent on our nuclear arsenal and missile defense.
In every generation, we have faced down evil, and we have always prevailed. We prevailed because we know who we are and what we are fighting for.
Not far from where we are gathered tonight, hundreds of thousands of America’s greatest patriots lay in eternal rest at Arlington National Cemetery. There is more courage, sacrifice, and love in those hallowed grounds than in any other spot on the face of the Earth.
Many of those who have fought and died in Afghanistan enlisted in the months after September 11th, 2001. They volunteered for a simple reason: They loved America, and they were determined to protect her.
Now we must secure the cause for which they gave their lives. We must unite to defend America from its enemies abroad. We must restore the bonds of loyalty among our citizens at home, and we must achieve an honorable and enduring outcome worthy of the enormous price that so many have paid.
Our actions, and in the months to come, all of them will honor the sacrifice of every fallen hero, every family who lost a loved one, and every wounded warrior who shed their blood in defense of our great nation. With our resolve, we will ensure that your service and that your families will bring about the defeat of our enemies and the arrival of peace.
We will push onward to victory with power in our hearts, courage in our souls, and everlasting pride in each and every one of you.
Thank you. May God bless our military. And may God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
9:27 P.M. EDTTrump Tower
New York, New York
3:58 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Hello, everybody. Great to be back in New York with all of our friends, and some great friends outside the building, I must tell you. I want to thank all of our distinguished guests who are with us today, including members of our Cabinet: Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, OMB Director Mick Mulvaney and, of course, our Transportation Secretary -- who is doing a fabulous job -- Elaine Chao.
Thank you all for doing a really incredible and creative job on what we’re going to be discussing today, which is infrastructure. We’ve just had a great set of briefings upstairs on our infrastructure agenda. My administration is working every day to deliver the world-class infrastructure that our people deserve and, frankly, that our country deserves.
That’s why I just signed a new executive order to dramatically reform the nation’s badly broken infrastructure permitting process.
Just blocks away is the Empire State Building. It took 11 months to build the Empire State Building. But today, it can take as long as a decade and much more than that -- many, many stories where it takes 20 and 25 years just to get approvals to start construction of a fairly routine highway. Highway builders must get up to 16 different approvals involving nine different federal agencies governed by 29 different statutes. One agency alone can stall a project for many, many years, and even decades.
Not only does this cost our economy billions of dollars, but it also denies our citizens the safe and modern infrastructure they deserve. This overregulated permitting process is a massive self-inflicted wound on our country -- it’s disgraceful -- denying our people much-needed investments in their community.
And I just want to show you this because it was just shown to me, and I said, I think I’m going to show it to the media -- both real and fake media, by the way. This is what it takes to get something approved today. Elaine, you see that? So this is what it takes. Permitting process flowchart -- that’s a flowchart.
So that can go out to 20 years. This shows about 10, but that can go out to about 20 years to get something approved. This is for a highway. I’ve seen a highway recently in a certain state -- I won’t mention its name -- 17 years. I could have built it for four or five million dollars without the permitting process. It cost hundreds of millions of dollars, but it took 17 years to get it approved and many, many, many, many pages of environmental impact studies.
This is what we will bring it down to. This is less than two years. This is going to happen quickly. That’s what I’m signing today. This will be less than two years for a highway. So it’s going to be quick, it’s going to be a very streamlined process. And, by the way, if it doesn’t meet environmental safeguards, we’re not going to approve it. Very simple. We’re not going to approve it. Maybe this one will say, let’s throw the other one away. Would anybody like it from the media? (Laughter.) Would anybody like that long, beautiful chart? You can have it.
So my executive order also requires agencies to work together efficiently by requiring one lead agency for each major infrastructure project. It also holds agencies accountable if they fail to streamline their review process. So each agency is accountable. We’re going to get infrastructure built quickly, inexpensively -- relatively speaking -- and the permitting process will go very, very quickly.
No longer will we tolerate one job-killing delay after another. No longer will we accept a broken system that benefits consultants and lobbyists at the expense of hardworking Americans.
Now, I knew the process very well -- probably better than anybody. I had to get permits for this building and many of the buildings I built -- all of the buildings I built in Manhattan and many other places. And I will tell you that the consultants are rich people. They go around making it very difficult. They lobby Congress, they lobby state governments, city governments to make it very difficult so that you have to hire consultants, and that you have to take years and pay them a fortune. So we’re streamlining the process, and we won’t be having so much of that anymore.
No longer will we allow the infrastructure of our magnificent country to crumble and decay. While protecting the environment, we will build gleaming new roads, bridges, railways, waterways, tunnels, and highways. We will rebuild our country with American workers, American iron, American aluminum, American steel. We will create millions of new jobs and make millions of American dreams come true.
Our infrastructure will again be the best in the world. We used to have the greatest infrastructure anywhere in the world, and today we’re like a third-world country. We are literally like a third-world country. Our infrastructure will again be the best, and we will restore the pride in our communities, our nation, and all over the United States we’ll be proud again.
So I want to thank everybody for being here. God bless you. God bless the United States.
And if you have any questions, we have -- Mick, you can come up here please. Come on up. Mick Mulvaney.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask.
Q Mr. President, why do you think these CEOs are leaving your manufacturing council?
THE PRESIDENT: Because they're not taking their job seriously as it pertains to this country. And we want jobs, manufacturing in this country. If you look at some of those people that you're talking about they’re outside of the country, they're having a lot of their product made outsider. If you look at Merck as an example, take a look where -- excuse me, excuse me -- take a look at where their product is made. It's made outside of our country. We want products made in the country.
Now, I have to tell you, some of the folks that will leave, they're leaving out of embarrassment because they make their products outside. And I've been lecturing them, including the gentleman that you're referring to, about you have to bring it back to this country. You can't do it necessarily in Ireland and all of these other places. You have to bring this work back to this country. That's what I want. I want manufacturing to be back into the United States so that American workers can benefit.
Q Let me ask you, Mr. President, why did you wait so long to blast neo-Nazis?
THE PRESIDENT: I didn’t wait long.
Q You waited two days --
THE PRESIDENT: I didn’t wait long.
Q Forty-eight hours.
THE PRESIDENT: I wanted to make sure, unlike most politicians, that what I said was correct -- not make a quick statement. The statement I made on Saturday, the first statement, was a fine statement. But you don’t make statements that direct unless you know the facts. It takes a little while to get the facts. You still don’t know the facts. And it's a very, very important process to me, and it's a very important statement.
So I don’t want to go quickly and just make a statement for the sake of making a political statement. I want to know the facts. If you go back to --
Q So you had to (inaudible) white supremacists?
THE PRESIDENT: I brought it. I brought it. I brought it.
Q Was it terrorism, in your opinion, what happened?
THE PRESIDENT: As I said on -- remember, Saturday -- we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence. It has no place in America. And then it went on from there.
Now, here's the thing --
Q (Inaudible) many sides.
THE PRESIDENT: Excuse me. Excuse me. Take it nice and easy. Here's the thing: When I make a statement, I like to be correct. I want the facts. This event just happened. In fact, a lot of the event didn’t even happen yet, as we were speaking. This event just happened.
Before I make a statement, I need the facts. So I don’t want to rush into a statement. So making the statement when I made it was excellent. In fact, the young woman, who I hear was a fantastic young woman, and it was on NBC -- her mother wrote me and said through, I guess, Twitter, social media, the nicest things. And I very much appreciated that. I hear she was a fine -- really, actually, an incredible young woman. But her mother, on Twitter, thanked me for what I said.
And honestly, if the press were not fake, and if it was honest, the press would have said what I said was very nice. But unlike you, and unlike -- excuse me, unlike you and unlike the media, before I make a statement, I like to know the facts.
Q Why do Nazis like you -- (inaudible) -- these statements?
THE PRESIDENT: They don’t. They don’t.
Q They do. Look --
(Cross-talk.)
THE PRESIDENT: How about a couple of infrastructure questions.
Q Was it terrorism, that event? Was that terrorism?
Q The CEO of Walmart said you missed a critical opportunity --
THE PRESIDENT: Say it. What?
Q The CEO of Walmart said you missed a critical opportunity to help bring the country together. Did you?
THE PRESIDENT: Not at all. I think the country -- look, you take a look. I've created over a million jobs since I'm President. The country is booming. The stock market is setting records. We have the highest employment numbers we've ever had in the history of our country. We're doing record business. We have the highest levels of enthusiasm. So the head of Walmart, who I know -- who's a very nice guy -- was making a political statement. I mean --
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: I'd do it the same way. And you know why? Because I want to make sure, when I make a statement, that the statement is correct. And there was no way -- there was no way of making a correct statement that early. I had to see the facts, unlike a lot of reporters. Unlike a lot of reporters --
Q Nazis were there.
Q David Duke was there.
THE PRESIDENT: I didn’t know David Duke was there. I wanted to see the facts. And the facts, as they started coming out, were very well stated. In fact, everybody said, "His statement was beautiful. If he would have made it sooner, that would have been good." I couldn’t have made it sooner because I didn’t know all of the facts. Frankly, people still don’t know all of the facts.
It was very important -- excuse me, excuse me -- it was very important to me to get the facts out and correctly. Because if I would have made a fast statement -- and the first statement was made without knowing much, other than what we were seeing. The second statement was made after, with knowledge, with great knowledge. There are still things -- excuse me -- there are still things that people don’t know.
I want to make a statement with knowledge. I wanted to know the facts.
Q Two questions. Was this terrorism? And can you tell us how you're feeling about your chief strategist, Stephen Bannon?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I think the driver of the car is a disgrace to himself, his family, and this country. And that is -- you can call it terrorism. You can call it murder. You can call it whatever you want. I would just call it as "the fastest one to come up with a good verdict." That's what I'd call it. Because there is a question: Is it murder? Is it terrorism? And then you get into legal semantics. The driver of the car is a murderer. And what he did was a horrible, horrible, inexcusable thing.
Q Can you tell us how you're feeling about your chief strategist, Mr. Bannon? Can you talk about that?
THE PRESIDENT: Go ahead.
Q I would echo Maggie's question. Steve Bannon has come under --
THE PRESIDENT: I never spoke to Mr. Bannon about it.
Q Can you tell us broadly what your -- do you still have confidence in Steve?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, we'll see. Look, look -- I like Mr. Bannon. He's a friend of mine. But Mr. Bannon came on very late. You know that. I went through 17 senators, governors, and I won all the primaries. Mr. Bannon came on very much later than that. And I like him, he's a good man. He is not a racist, I can tell you that. He's a good person. He actually gets very unfair press in that regard. But we'll see what happens with Mr. Bannon. But he's a good person, and I think the press treats him, frankly, very unfairly.
Q Senator McCain has called on you to defend your National Security Advisor, H.R. McMaster, against these attacks.
THE PRESIDENT: I did it the last time.
Q And he called on it again, linking --
THE PRESIDENT: Senator McCain?
Q -- to the alt-right, and saying --
THE PRESIDENT: Senator McCain?
Q Yes.
THE PRESIDENT: You mean the one who voted against Obamacare?
Q And he said --
THE PRESIDENT: Who is -- you mean Senator McCain who voted against us getting good healthcare?
Q Senator McCain said that the alt-right is behind these attacks, and he linked that same group to those who perpetrated the attack in Charlottesville.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I don’t know. I can't tell you. I'm sure Senator McCain must know what he's talking about. But when you say the alt-right, define alt-right to me. You define it. Go ahead.
Q Well, I'm saying, as Senator --
THE PRESIDENT: No, define it for me. Come on, let's go. Define it for me.
Q Senator McCain defined them as the same group --
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, what about the alt-left that came charging at -- excuse me, what about the alt-left that came charging at the, as you say, the alt-right? Do they have any semblance of guilt?
Let me ask you this: What about the fact that they came charging with clubs in their hands, swinging clubs? Do they have any problem? I think they do. As far as I'm concerned, that was a horrible, horrible day.
Q You're not putting these --
THE PRESIDENT: Wait a minute. I'm not finished. I'm not finished, fake news. That was a horrible day --
Q Sir, you're not putting these protestors on the same level as neo-Nazis --
Q Is the alt-left as bad as white supremacy?
THE PRESIDENT: I will tell you something. I watched those very closely -- much more closely than you people watched it. And you have -- you had a group on one side that was bad, and you had a group on the other side that was also very violent. And nobody wants to say that, but I'll say it right now. You had a group -- you had a group on the other side that came charging in, without a permit, and they were very, very violent.
Q Is the alt-left as bad as Nazis? Are they as bad as Nazis?
THE PRESIDENT: Go ahead.
Q Do you think that what you call the alt-left is the same as neo-Nazis?
THE PRESIDENT: Those people -- all of those people --excuse me, I've condemned neo-Nazis. I've condemned many different groups. But not all of those people were neo-Nazis, believe me. Not all of those people were white supremacists by any stretch. Those people were also there because they wanted to protest the taking down of a statue of Robert E. Lee.
Q Should that statue be taken down?
THE PRESIDENT: Excuse me. If you take a look at some of the groups, and you see -- and you'd know it if you were honest reporters, which in many cases you're not -- but many of those people were there to protest the taking down of the statue of Robert E. Lee.
So this week it's Robert E. Lee. I noticed that Stonewall Jackson is coming down. I wonder, is it George Washington next week? And is it Thomas Jefferson the week after? You know, you really do have to ask yourself, where does it stop?
But they were there to protest -- excuse me, if you take a look, the night before they were there to protest the taking down of the statue of Robert E. Lee.
Infrastructure question. Go ahead.
Q Should the statues of Robert E. Lee stay up?
THE PRESIDENT: I would say that's up to a local town, community, or the federal government, depending on where it is located.
Q How concerned are you about race relations in America? And do you think things have gotten worse or better since you took office?
THE PRESIDENT: I think they've gotten better or the same. Look, they've been frayed for a long time. And you can ask President Obama about that, because he'd make speeches about it. But I believe that the fact that I brought in -- it will be soon -- millions of jobs -- you see where companies are moving back into our country -- I think that's going to have a tremendous, positive impact on race relations.
We have companies coming back into our country. We have two car companies that just announced. We have Foxconn in Wisconsin just announced. We have many companies, I say, pouring back into the country. I think that's going to have a huge, positive impact on race relations. You know why? It's jobs. What people want now, they want jobs. They want great jobs with good pay, and when they have that, you watch how race relations will be.
And I’ll tell you, we’re spending a lot of money on the inner cities. We’re fixing the inner cities. We’re doing far more than anybody has done with respect to the inner cities. It’s a priority for me, and it’s very important.
Q Mr. President, are you putting what you’re calling the alt-left and white supremacists on the same moral plane?
THE PRESIDENT: I’m not putting anybody on a moral plane. What I’m saying is this: You had a group on one side and you had a group on the other, and they came at each other with clubs -- and it was vicious and it was horrible. And it was a horrible thing to watch.
But there is another side. There was a group on this side. You can call them the left -- you just called them the left -- that came violently attacking the other group. So you can say what you want, but that’s the way it is.
Q (Inaudible) both sides, sir. You said there was hatred, there was violence on both sides. Are the --
THE PRESIDENT: Yes, I think there’s blame on both sides. If you look at both sides -- I think there’s blame on both sides. And I have no doubt about it, and you don’t have any doubt about it either.
And if you reported it accurately, you would say.
Q The neo-Nazis started this. They showed up in Charlottesville to protest --
THE PRESIDENT: Excuse me, excuse me. They didn’t put themselves -- and you had some very bad people in that group, but you also had people that were very fine people, on both sides. You had people in that group.
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: Excuse me, excuse me. I saw the same pictures as you did.
You had people in that group that were there to protest the taking down of, to them, a very, very important statue and the renaming of a park from Robert E. Lee to another name.
Q George Washington and Robert E. Lee are not the same.
THE PRESIDENT: George Washington was a slave owner. Was George Washington a slave owner? So will George Washington now lose his status? Are we going to take down --
Excuse me, are we going to take down statues to George Washington? How about Thomas Jefferson? What do you think of Thomas Jefferson? You like him?
Q I do love Thomas Jefferson.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, good. Are we going to take down the statue? Because he was a major slave owner. Now, are we going to take down his statue?
So you know what, it’s fine. You’re changing history. You’re changing culture. And you had people -- and I’m not talking about the neo-Nazis and the white nationalists -- because they should be condemned totally. But you had many people in that group other than neo-Nazis and white nationalists. Okay? And the press has treated them absolutely unfairly.
Now, in the other group also, you had some fine people. But you also had troublemakers, and you see them come with the black outfits and with the helmets, and with the baseball bats. You had a lot of bad people in the other group.
Q Who are the good people?
Q Sir, I just didn’t understand what you were saying. You were saying the press has treated white nationalists unfairly? I just don’t understand what you were saying.
THE PRESIDENT: No, no. There were people in that rally -- and I looked the night before -- if you look, there were people protesting very quietly the taking down of the statue of Robert E. Lee. I’m sure in that group there were some bad ones. The following day it looked like they had some rough, bad people -- neo-Nazis, white nationalists, whatever you want to call them.
But you had a lot of people in that group that were there to innocently protest, and very legally protest -- because I don’t know if you know, they had a permit. The other group didn’t have a permit. So I only tell you this: There are two sides to a story. I thought what took place was a horrible moment for our country -- a horrible moment. But there are two sides to the country.
Does anybody have a final --
Q I have an infrastructure question.
THE PRESIDENT: You have an infrastructure --
Q What makes you think you can get an infrastructure bill? You didn’t get healthcare --
THE PRESIDENT: Well, you know, I’ll tell you. We came very close with healthcare. Unfortunately, John McCain decided to vote against it at the last minute. You’ll have to ask John McCain why he did that. But we came very close to healthcare. We will end up getting healthcare. But we’ll get the infrastructure. And actually, infrastructure is something that I think we’ll have bipartisan support on. I actually think Democrats will go along with the infrastructure.
Q Mr. President, have you spoken to the family of the victim of the car attack?
THE PRESIDENT: No, I’ll be reaching out. I’ll be reaching out.
Q When will you be reaching out?
THE PRESIDENT: I thought that the statement put out -- the mother’s statement I thought was a beautiful statement. I will tell you, it was something that I really appreciated. I thought it was terrific. And, really, under the kind of stress that she’s under and the heartache that she’s under, I thought putting out that statement, to me, was really something. I won’t forget it.
Thank you, all, very much. Thank you. Thank you.
* * * *
Q Will you go to Charlottesville? Will you go to check out what happened?
THE PRESIDENT: I own a house in Charlottesville. Does anyone know I own a house in Charlottesville?
Q Where is it?
THE PRESIDENT: Oh boy, it’s going to be --
Q Where is it?
THE PRESIDENT: It's in Charlottesville. You'll see.
Q Is it a winery or something?
THE PRESIDENT: It is the winery.
I mean, I know a lot about Charlottesville. Charlottesville is a great place that's been very badly hurt over the last couple of days.
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: I own, actually, one of the largest wineries in the United States. It's in Charlottesville.
Q Do you believe your words are helping to heal this country right now?
Q What do you think needs to be done to overcome the racial divides in this country?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I think jobs can have a big impact. I think if we continue to create jobs -- over a million, substantially more than a million. And you see just the other day, the car companies coming in with Foxconn. I think if we continue to create jobs at levels that I’m creating jobs, I think that’s going to have a tremendous impact -- positive impact on race relations.
Q Your remarks today, how do you think that will impact the racial, sort of conflict, today?
THE PRESIDENT: The people are going to be working, they’re going to be making a lot of money -- much more money than they ever thought possible. But that’s going to happen.
Q Your remarks today.
THE PRESIDENT: And the other thing -- very important -- I believe wages will start going up. They haven’t gone up for a long time. I believe wages now -- because the economy is doing so well with respect to employment and unemployment, I believe wages will start to go up. I think that will have a tremendously positive impact on race relations.
END
4:21 P.M. EDTDiplomatic Room
12:38 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. I’m in Washington today to meet with my economic team about trade policy and major tax cuts and reform. We are renegotiating trade deals and making them good for the American worker. And it's about time.
Our economy is now strong. The stock market continues to hit record highs, unemployment is at a 16-year low, and businesses are more optimistic than ever before. Companies are moving back to the United States and bringing many thousands of jobs with them. We have already created over one million jobs since I took office.
We will be discussing economic issues in greater detail later this afternoon, but, based on the events that took place over the weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia, I would like to provide the nation with an update on the ongoing federal response to the horrific attack and violence that was witnessed by everyone.
I just met with FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions. The Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation into the deadly car attack that killed one innocent American and wounded 20 others. To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend’s racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered.
As I said on Saturday, we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence. It has no place in America.
And as I have said many times before: No matter the color of our skin, we all live under the same laws, we all salute the same great flag, and we are all made by the same almighty God. We must love each other, show affection for each other, and unite together in condemnation of hatred, bigotry, and violence. We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans.
Racism is evil. And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.
We are a nation founded on the truth that all of us are created equal. We are equal in the eyes of our Creator. We are equal under the law. And we are equal under our Constitution. Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America.
Two days ago, a young American woman, Heather Heyer, was tragically killed. Her death fills us with grief, and we send her family our thoughts, our prayers, and our love.
We also mourn the two Virginia state troopers who died in service to their community, their commonwealth, and their country. Troopers Jay Cullen and Burke Bates exemplify the very best of America, and our hearts go out to their families, their friends, and every member of American law enforcement.
These three fallen Americans embody the goodness and decency of our nation. In times such as these, America has always shown its true character: responding to hate with love, division with unity, and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice.
As a candidate, I promised to restore law and order to our country, and our federal law enforcement agencies are following through on that pledge. We will spare no resource in fighting so that every American child can grow up free from violence and fear. We will defend and protect the sacred rights of all Americans, and we will work together so that every citizen in this blessed land is free to follow their dreams in their hearts, and to express the love and joy in their souls.
Thank you. God bless you. And God bless America. Thank you very much.
END
12:43 P.M. EDTTrump National Golf Club
Bedminster, New Jersey
3:33 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much. As you know, this was a small press conference but a very important one, and it was scheduled to talk about the great things that we're doing with the Secretary on the Veterans Administration. And we will talk about that very much so in a little while, but I thought I should put out a comment as to what's going on in Charlottesville.
So, again, I want to thank everybody for being here. In particular, I want to thank our incredible veterans. And thank you, fellas. Let me shake your hand.
(The President shakes hands with veterans.)
Great people. They're great people.
But we're closely following the terrible events unfolding in Charlottesville, Virginia. We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence, on many sides. On many sides. It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump, not Barack Obama. This has been going on for a long, long time.
It has no place in America. What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives. No citizen should ever fear for their safety and security in our society, and no child should ever be afraid to go outside and play, or be with their parents, and have a good time.
I just got off the phone with the Governor of Virginia, Terry McAuliffe, and we agreed that the hate and the division must stop, and must stop right now. We have to come together as Americans with love for our nation and true affection -- really -- and I say this so strongly -- true affection for each other.
Our country is doing very well in so many ways. We have record -- just absolute record employment. We have unemployment, the lowest it's been in almost 17 years. We have companies pouring into our country. Foxconn and car companies, and so many others, they're coming back to our country. We're renegotiating trade deals to make them great for our country and great for the American worker. We have so many incredible things happening in our country. So when I watch Charlottesville, to me it's very, very sad.
I want to salute the great work of the state and local police in Virginia -- incredible people -- law enforcement, incredible people -- and also the National Guard. They've really been working smart and working hard. They've been doing a terrific job. The federal authorities are also providing tremendous support to the governor. He thanked me for that. And we are here to provide whatever other assistance is needed. We are ready, willing, and able.
Above all else, we must remember this truth: No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are all Americans first. We love our country. We love our God. We love our flag. We're proud of our country. We're proud of who we are. So we want to get the situation straightened out in Charlottesville, and we want to study it. And we want to see what we're doing wrong as a country, where things like this can happen.
My administration is restoring the sacred bonds of loyalty between this nation and its citizens, but our citizens must also restore the bonds of trust and loyalty between one another. We must love each other, respect each other, and cherish our history and our future together. So important. We have to respect each other. Ideally, we have to love each other.
And now to the Veterans Administration, where I'm so proud of David Shulkin and the job you've done -- what you've done in such a short period of time. I think you folks would attest to it. If anybody disagrees, you can leave the room right now. (Laughter.)
But David really has. He's a star, what he's been able to do. So, David, I'd like to thank you very much for your leadership and for the profound improvements to the VA services that you've made in such a short period of time.
Today is another milestone in our work to transform the VA, where we're doing record-setting business, including something called the Accountability Act, where David and his executives can now hold people accountable for doing a poor job and say, "You're fired." You do a poor job for our veterans -- you're fired. That's been in the making for 40 years; they weren’t able to get it approved. One of our legislative successes. Frankly, one of our many legislative successes. We got it approved. And I know, David, it's making life a lot better, and people are working a lot harder because of it.
In a few moments, I will sign the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act of 2017. This bill will ensure that veterans continue to have the ability to see the doctor of their choice -- so important -- and don't have to wait or travel long distances for care. And during the campaign, I kept talking about it. People -- these great, incredible veterans -- our finest -- they're waiting in line for seven days, nine days, fourteen days, for ailments that could be fixed quickly, and they end up dying of things that could be taken care of very, very routinely. And I said, that's never going to happen when I'm President.
And I said, even at the time, before having tremendous research given to me, and after the research was given, it was still back to the same, basic common sense. Why can't they go out and see a doctor? If they have to wait seven days or fourteen days in line, why can't they see a doctor, and we'll pay for the cost of the doctor? And that's going to be a lot less expensive, but, more importantly, you're going to have immediate medical care for our veterans, and that's what we're doing. And they're very, very thankful. And it started already, quite a little while ago, considering we're a very young administration. And I think you see from the veterans, they're very, very proud of it and very happy.
Very importantly, this bill also authorizes new community-based outpatient clinics and improves the VA’s ability to hire quality job candidates. We're getting candidates that are of the highest quality into the VA system now, so that our veterans have more choices and more access to the absolute best possible care.
I want to thank Congressman Phil Roe, Senator Johnny Isakson -- they two people have been working so hard -- Senator Dean Heller for their dedicated efforts to get this bill through Congress. It was very, very tough for reasons that I guess I understand, but it was not easy. And I will tell you that Phil and Johnny and Dean worked very, very hard to get it through. And, by the way, I can also say others -- and even some Democrats. Do you want to say their names?
SECRETARY SHULKIN: Sure.
THE PRESIDENT: Go ahead. Say their names.
SECRETARY SHULKIN: Senator Tester and Representative Walz were key in helping us get this done, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Good. See? I can do it. (Laughter.)
But people fought, and they really fought us hard. And now the administration is fighting for you. We're working night and day to ensure our brave veterans are provided with world-class treatment -- which is what they're getting -- world-class treatment. And, by the way, again, we're here for just a little more than six months -- you're seeing it on a daily basis, get better and better and better. And you're hearing it from the veterans. But they're getting this great medical treatment, care, procedures, and we're getting our facilities shaped up and made into world-class facilities at the same time.
So our great veterans deserve only the best, and that's exactly what they're getting.
I want to thank everybody for being here, especially the wonderful veterans behind me. They have helped us so much. They're spectacular people.
And again, going back to Charlottesville, we have to heal the wounds of our country. These are wounds that have been going on for, really, a long time. And I thought, and everybody thought, and everybody wants it to heal, and it will heal. And we're going to make every effort possible to make sure that that healing procedure goes as quickly as possible.
I love the people of our country. I love all of the people of our country. We're going to make America great again, but we're going to make it great for all of the people of the United States of America.
Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.
They'd like me to sign the bill here instead of outside, so I think we'll do that. Okay? Thank you.
(The bill is signed.) (Applause.)
Okay? Thank you very much, everybody. Appreciate it.
END
3:46 P.M. EDTTrump National Golf Club
Bedminster, New Jersey
3:32 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you Secretary Acosta and Secretary DeVos for joining us today. And thank you all, because we have been working very hard on being sure that Americans have the training they need for the jobs in the future. I also want to thank Ivanka, my daughter, for her leadership on workforce training and her efforts. You're working very, very hard to create new economic opportunities for women across America and, actually, for women across the world. You've been working with the Chancellor of Germany on helping women all over the world.
In the past seven months, we've made enormous gains in getting Americans back to work. The stock market is at record highs. Unemployment is at a 16-year low. And manufacturers have never expressed more optimism about the future. The optimism has been truly incredible.
Recently, Foxconn announced that it's going to invest $10 billion to build a new factory in Wisconsin. We want to make sure that every job that comes back to our shores is filled with American workers. We have a lot of companies moving back to our country. You're probably seeing that. Two major automobile companies just announced they're moving back to the United States, and they're going to build major plants. They're looking for the site. They're putting it out to seven or eight different states, and they're going to be very happy building in the United States. It's going to work out very well for them.
That's why, in June, we began a historic initiative to expand apprenticeship and workforce training programs in all industries. We're expanding pathways to success. So important. And apprenticeships are one of the many avenues that lead to the great jobs, completely debt-free. And who knows more about the word "apprentice" than Donald Trump?
In fact, under the apprenticeship, you earn while you learn. So important and so great. And you love getting up in the morning and going to work, and a lot of great things involved here.
We're also here today to discuss additional steps we will be taking to expand apprenticeship programs, especially for women and minorities in STEM fields where women have been truly under-representative -- really, I guess you could say, under-represented for many, many decades.
Technology has become a part of nearly every industry, from manufacturing to retailing. And we want all of our citizens, every single citizen -- including women and minorities -- to have access to high-paying tech jobs and other STEM-related jobs. American workers are the best there is anywhere in the world, and we're finding work for them. They built the skyscrapers of our cities, the roads and bridges across our land -- and we'll be building plenty of new roads and bridges, by the way -- the technology that has revolutionized the globe, and so much more, as you're well aware.
Their skills, talent, and grit have always put America on top. And we're going to remain on top at a much higher level than we are right now. And speaking of now, it is our job to make sure that they have the training, immediately, to lead us into the future. We have great, great hope. We have a great, great future in this country. There's never been more optimism. And again, unemployment at a 16-year low.
So we're honored to have all of you. Mr. Secretary, thank you very much. Betsy, thank you very much. We appreciate it. And, Ivanka, congratulations on working so hard. We really do appreciate it. Thank you.
Any questions?
Q Mr. President, what did you mean by military solutions are locked and loaded as it relates to North Korea?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I think it's pretty obvious. We are looking at that very carefully, and I hope that they are going to fully understand the gravity of what I said. And what I said is what I mean. So hopefully they'll understand, Peter, exactly what I said and the meaning of those words. Those words are very, very easy to understand.
Q Any progress on the diplomatic backchannel?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, we don't want to talk about progress, we don't want to talk about backchannels. We want to talk about a country that has misbehaved for many, many years -- decades, actually -- through numerous administrations. And they didn't want to take on the issue, and I have no choice but to take it on, and I'm taking it on. And we'll either be very, very successful quickly or we're going to be very, very successful in a different way, quickly.
Q Angela Merkel says she sees no military solution to a fight with North Korea. Why is she wrong?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I think maybe she's speaking for Germany. Let her speak for Germany. She's a friend of mine, she's a very good person, a very good woman. She's a friend of Ivanka. Perhaps she's referring to Germany. She's certainly not referring to the United States, that I can tell you.
Q Mr. President, you've said you want to send a strong message to North Korea. What do you say to your critics who say that your rhetoric is actually raising the tension?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, you know, my critics are only saying that because it's me. If somebody else uttered the exact same words that I uttered, they'd say, "What a great statement, what a wonderful statement." They're only doing it -- but I will tell you, we have tens of millions of people in this country that are so happy with what I'm saying -- because they're saying, finally we have a President that's sticking up for our nation and, frankly, sticking up for our friends and our allies.
And this man will not get away with what he's doing, believe me. And if he utters one threat, in the form of an overt threat -- which, by the way, he has been uttering for years, and his family has been uttering for years -- or if he does anything with respect to Guam, or anyplace else that's an American territory or an American ally, he will truly regret it and he will regret it fast.
Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.
END
3:38 P.M. EDTTrump National Golf Club
Bedminster, New Jersey
3:12 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, Secretary Price, for your work to address the crisis of opioid, heroin, cocaine, and methamphetamines. It is a tremendous problem in our country, and we're going to get it taken care of as well as it can be taken care of, which hopefully will be better than any other country which also has the same problems or similar problems.
Nobody is safe from this epidemic that threatens young and old, rich and poor, urban and rural communities. Everybody is threatened. Drug overdose is now the leading cause of accidental death in the United States, and opioid overdose deaths have nearly quadrupled since 1999. It is a problem the likes of which we have not seen.
Meanwhile, federal drug prosecutions have gone down in recent years. We're going to be bringing them up and bringing them up rapidly. At the end of 2016, there were 23 percent fewer than in 2011. So they looked at this scourge and they let it go by, and we're not letting it go by. The average sentence length for a convicted federal drug offender decreased 20 percent from 2009 to 2016.
During my campaign, I promised to fight this battle because, as President of the United States, my greatest responsibility is to protect the American people and to ensure their safety. Especially in some parts of our country, it is horrible what's going on with opioid and other drugs. But the opioid is something that nobody has seen anything like it.
Today, I am pleased to receive a briefing from our team on ways we can help our communities combat this absolutely terrible epidemic and keep youth from going down this deadly path.
The best way to prevent drug addiction and overdose is to prevent people from abusing drugs in the first place. If they don’t start, they won't have a problem. If they do start, it's awfully tough to get off. So we can keep them from going on, and maybe by talking to youth and telling them, "No good; really bad for you" in every way. But if they don’t start, it will never be a problem.
We're also working with law enforcement officers to protect innocent citizens from drug dealers that poison our communities. Strong law enforcement is absolutely vital to having a drug-free society. I have had the opportunity to hear from many on the front lines of the opioid epidemic, and I'm confident that by working with our healthcare and law enforcement experts, we will fight this deadly epidemic and the United States will win.
We're also very, very tough on the southern border, where much of this comes in. And we're talking to China, where certain forms of manmade drug comes in, and it is bad. And we're speaking to other countries and we're getting cooperation, but we're being very, very strong on our southern border and, I would say, the likes of which this country certainly has never seen that kind of strength.
So we're going to do our job. We're going to get it going. We've got a tremendous team of experts and people that want to beat this horrible situation that's happened to our country -- and we will. We will win. We have no alternative. We have to win for our youth. We have to win for our young people. And, frankly, we have to win for a lot of other people, not necessarily young, that are totally addicted and have serious, serious problems.
So we thank you all for being here. And we're going to get on with our meeting. Thank you very much. Thank you all.
Q Any comment on the reports about North Korea's nuclear capabilities?
THE PRESIDENT: North Korea best not make any more threats to the United States. They will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen. He has been very threatening beyond a normal state. And as I said, they will be met with fire, fury, and, frankly, power, the likes of which this world has never seen before.
Thank you.
END
3:17 P.M. EDTTranscript:
My Fellow Americans,
As we celebrate “American Dream Week” at the White House, we continue to see incredible results.
This week, the Dow jones industrial average reached an ALL-TIME high. Never ever has it been so high. It made the unemployment rate hit a 16-year low and last quarter real GDP growth increased to 2.6%.
Prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting American workers and families first.
The American dream has always been about doing what we love – and doing it for the people we love. Whether serving in the Armed Forces, manufacturing goods, or starting a small business, our citizens pursue their aspirations – and improve the lives of millions – in countless, countless ways.
Yet for too long, the dreams of many Americans have been put out of reach by Washington. Washington funded one global project after another while allowing other countries to drain our jobs and drain the wealth of the United States of America. Then Washington taxed and regulated our own workers and industries, taking away their ability to earn a living.
But those days are over. My Administration is working tirelessly on behalf of the American People.
We have removed regulations and targeted unfair trade practices that are hurting Americans all over the world. We are ending the War on Coal and unleashing American energy. We are introducing a tax plan to grow our economy and create more jobs. Factories and plants are coming back into Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania, and many other states. They are coming back instead of leaving like they have been for decades. And just this week, we announced a historic immigration bill to create a merit-based Green Card system that ends the abuse of our welfare system, stops chain migration, and protects our workers and our economy. As an example, you cannot get welfare for five years when you come into our country. You cannot just come in like in past weeks, years, and decades, you come in immediately and start picking up welfare. For five years, you have to say you will not be asking or using our welfare systems.
As I said in my address to Congress, the time for dreaming big, bold, and daring things for our country has begun. When Americans are free to pursue their dreams, there is no limit to what we can achieve.
This is truly an exciting time in our country – every day, we are accomplishing great things for our people.
Thank you, God bless you, God bless the United States. Were really moving along, we are bringing back our jobs, we are Making America Great Again.
Thank you.10:04 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, thank you very much. I just want to congratulate Acting Secretary -- this is really a big -- this is a big position -- Elaine Duke. A terrific person. She has done an amazing job for the Trump administration and everywhere she preceded. So congratulations. This is a very important thing you're doing.
We are very strong on homeland security and we are very strong with respect to FEMA. FEMA is something that I've been very much involved in already. We've had some things during the last six months, including the highway in Atlanta, where I have to say the Governor and all concerned did a fantastic job of rebuilding that stretch of highway that ended up burning so badly. We found the reasons why, and it wasn’t for a good reason. But nevertheless, they did it in record time. I'm a builder and I understand they did it ahead of schedule and under budget, and that was very nice to see.
So I just -- we have many, many things like that. We've already taken care of many of the situations that really needed emergency funds. We did it quickly. We did it effectively. We have an incredible team. And I just want to thank, Elaine, all of your people and your representatives. They have really done a fantastic job.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much, everybody.
END
10:06 A.M. EDT11:40 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Good morning. I’d like to begin by thanking Secretary David Shulkin for the incredible progress that he’s making at the VA -- tremendous strides. Thank you very much, David. We appreciate it. The veterans appreciate it, I can tell you that.
Today, I’m pleased to announce another historic breakthrough that will expand VA services to many more patients and veterans. We will do this through telehealth services. It’s what it’s called -- telehealth services.
We’re expanding the ability of veterans to connect with their VA healthcare team from anywhere using mobile application on the veteran’s own phone or the veteran’s own computer. This will significantly expand access to care for our veterans, especially for those who need help in the area of mental health, which is a bigger and bigger request -- and also in suicide prevention. It will make a tremendous difference for the veterans in rural locations in particular.
We’re launching the mobile app that will allow VA patients to schedule and change their appointments at VA facilities using their smartphones. So this is something they were never able to do. Technology has given us this advantage, but unfortunately we have not taken advantage of that until now.
We’re working tirelessly to keep our promises to our great veterans. Very important. And in my campaign and on the campaign trail, the veterans mean so much to me and this administration. In the past six months, I have signed historic VA accountability legislation. I have signed legislation to extend and improve the Veterans Choice Program. We’re starting to really get that to a point where choice is just becoming something that they are extremely happy about, and they’ve wanted it for many, many years.
We’re working to enable seamless care between the Departments of Defense and Veteran Affairs. We have launched a groundbreaking new website that allows veterans to compare wait times and quality of care at VA facilities and other hospitals. So we’re actually able to compete our facilities with other hospitals and other VA facilities. So we’ll really strike a little competitive advantage and I think get people moving even better.
And we have dramatically increased the number of approvals for veterans to see the doctors. So they are going to have many more doctors of their choice.
These accomplishments are only the beginning. We will not rest until all of America’s great veterans can receive the care they so richly deserve. Tremendous progress has been made in a short period of time. We’ve only been here six months, but tremendous progress has been made.
And I want to ask Dr. Shulkin, perhaps, to give us a little preview of what’s to come. Thank you.
SECRETARY SHULKIN: Mr. President, thank you so much.
What we’re announcing today is a big deal for veterans. It’s really going to expand access for veterans in a way we haven’t done before. And, as you may know, VA already has the largest telehealth program in the country. Last year we had 700,000 veterans who got telehealth services through the VA, and we actually can do this for 50 different specialties. In fact, Mr. President, if you take a look at all those specialties on this chart, we can provide telehealth services from tele-dermatology, to tele-intensive care, to tele-dentistry. And this is the type of thing that is available now to our veterans.
But what we're announcing today dramatically expands our current capabilities. Mr. President, by working with the Office of American Innovation and the Department of Justice, we're going to be issuing a regulation that allows our VA providers to provide telehealth services from anywhere in the country to veterans anywhere in the country, whether it's in their homes or any location. We call it "anywhere to anywhere" VA healthcare. That's a big deal.
Now, just think about this. That means we're going to be able to use VA providers in cities where there are a lot of doctors, and be able to use those doctors to help our veterans in rural areas where there aren't many healthcare professionals. And you talked about mental health and suicide prevention; this is one of those areas that we can really use that expertise. And today's announcement is going to allow us to do that.
What we're going to be rolling out nationally with a rollout across the country is what's called VA Video Connect. VA Video Connect allows VA providers to use mobile devices to connect with veterans on their mobile devices or their home computers. That's a big deal.
Currently, we use VA Video Connect with over 300 VA providers at 67 of our hospitals or clinics across the country. But that's beginning to roll out nationally.
And there's one more thing, Mr. President. We're going to be announcing a new technology called the Veterans Appointment Request. And what that is, is it's allowing the veteran, on their smartphone, to be able to schedule their appointments directly with VA providers, or to change their appointments, or cancel their appointments with VA providers. Now, today, this is available in all 18 of our regions across the country. And we've already booked more than 4,000 appointments from veterans directly from their smartphones so that they can schedule their own appointments.
But now we're announcing the national rollout of this. And if veterans want to see and get the Veterans Appointment Request, you can see on our website -- mobile.va.gov/appstore. The VA app store has this available for download.
So, Mr. President, what we're really doing is, we're removing regulations that have prevented us from doing this. We're removing geography as a barrier so that we can speed up access to veterans and really honor our commitment to them.
Now, let me show you how this works, Mr. President. If we come over here -- we use technology in a way that's pretty incredible. In fact, Mr. President, I'm one of those doctors. I practice right here in Washington to my clinic in Grants Pass, Oregon. And I want to say hello to our veteran today. Mr. Amescua, how are you?
Mr. Amescua is a veteran. He served in the Coast Guard for 26 years. He was a helicopter rescue swimmer and served the country. And here we are in Oregon. And this is our great team -- Peggy and Denise and Terry. And, Peggy, would you mind -- I understand there might be some area of concern on Mr. Amescua's skin. Can we take a look at that, please?
TEAM MEMBER: Yes, sir. Dr. Shulkin, this is the area that is of concern.
SECRETARY SHULKIN: Okay. So as we focus in on that, you can see, Mr. President, I can take a look at that area and if I have any concern about it we can send this to a specialist or we can take a look at it. But thank you.
Mr. Amescua, we’ll be right back with you soon. I just want to show the President a few other things, but we’ll be right back with you.
Mr. President, if you walk over here, this is actually the new doctor’s bag -- the doctor’s bag of the future. And you may actually recognize this because this is the doctor’s bag that travels with you when you go on Air Force One. And so we have Dr. Ronny Jackson, your doctor here that usually takes care of you, Dr. Jackson. And we now are able to bring this doctor’s bag into the home of our veterans. Our nurse practitioners, our technicians are able to use this type of technology now -- the same technology available to the President of the United States. And that’s the way it should be, because our veterans deserve that type of technology.
THE PRESIDENT: That’s great.
SECRETARY SHULKIN: Now, I’m going to show you just one or two other things. Dr. Neil Evans over here, one of our doctors, is going to show you VA Video Connect that I talked about. So here we are in Grants Pass, Oregon. Hi, Mr. Amescua, how are you? Can you raise your hand? Good.
So here we are in Grants Pass, Oregon on our mobile device, and this is how we can use VA Video Connect. But watch this, Mr. President. If we need to bring in a specialist from anywhere in the country into Grants Pass, Oregon, we can. So Dr. Brook Watts. Do you want to say hello, Dr. Watts?
DR. WATTS: Good Morning, Dr. Shulkin. Good morning, Mr. President. And good morning, Mr. Amescua. Thank you so much for your service.
SECRETARY SHULKIN: Dr. Watts is a specialist -- an internal medicine specialist in Cleveland, Oregon, and she is now connected in with Mr. Amescua in Grants Pass, Oregon. So we can get the expertise from anywhere in the country immediately. The VA is able to do this right now. So thank you very much.
And so, Mr. President, this is how we’re expanding access. This is how we’re bringing the very best technology available in the country. And really thanks to your help in cutting through the regulation, the Office of American Innovation, we’re able to expand that success dramatically today and to roll this out.
And as you said, with our accountability bill, our replacing our electronic medical record, the progress we’re making -- in six months we have been able to do tremendous things. But it’s just the beginning of what we’re going to do for our veterans.
So thank you very much. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Doctor. And I just want to thank him, and your skin -- I hope you skin is going to be improved. (Laughter.) You look pretty good to me, but what do I know? (Laughter.)
SECRETARY SHULKIN: Mr. Amescua, why don’t you say something if you want to say hello to the President.
MR. AMESCUA: Good morning, Mr. President, how are you?
THE PRESIDENT: Very good. You look very healthy to me, I will tell you that. (Laughter.) Please make sure your skin is perfect. (Laughter.)
Thank you very much. Great technology. Great to be here. Thank you. (Applause.)
We’re going to West Virginia tonight, by the way. We’re going to have a very big announcement, which will be very exciting I think for the media and everyone else. But we have a very big announcement tonight. I believe I’ll be making it in West Virginia, so that will very exciting.
Thank you very much.
END
11:51 A.M. EDT11:39 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. It's great to be here today to unveil legislation that would represent the most significant reform to our immigration system in half a century. I want to thank Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue for their tremendous work in putting together this historic and very vital proposal.
As a candidate, I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers and taxpayers -- and that is why we are here today. Merit-based.
The RAISE Act -- R-A-I-S-E -- the RAISE Act will reduce poverty, increase wages, and save taxpayers billions and billions of dollars. It will do this by changing the way the United States issues Green Cards to nationals from other countries. Green Cards provide permanent residency, work authorization, and fast track to citizenship.
For decades, the United States was operated and has operated a very low-skilled immigration system, issuing record numbers of Green Cards to low-wage immigrants. This policy has placed substantial pressure on American workers, taxpayers and community resources. Among those hit the hardest in recent years have been immigrants and, very importantly, minority workers competing for jobs against brand-new arrivals. And it has not been fair to our people, to our citizens, to our workers.
The RAISE Act ends chain migration, and replaces our low-skilled system with a new points-based system for receiving a Green Card. This competitive application process will favor applicants who can speak English, financially support themselves and their families, and demonstrate skills that will contribute to our economy.
The RAISE Act prevents new migrants and new immigrants from collecting welfare, and protects U.S. workers from being displaced. And that's a very big thing. They're not going to come in and just immediately go and collect welfare. That doesn’t happen under the RAISE Act. They can't do that. Crucially, the Green Card reforms in the RAISE Act will give American workers a pay raise by reducing unskilled immigration.
This legislation will not only restore our competitive edge in the 21st century, but it will restore the sacred bonds of trust between America and its citizens. This legislation demonstrates our compassion for struggling American families who deserve an immigration system that puts their needs first and that puts America first.
Finally, the reforms in the RAISE Act will help ensure that newcomers to our wonderful country will be assimilated, will succeed, and will achieve the American Dream.
I'd like now to invite Senator Cotton and Senator Perdue to say a few words. Thank you. Thank you very much.
SENATOR COTTON: Thank you, Mr. President. I'm very excited to be here with Senator Perdue and President Trump to be introducing the new version of the RAISE Act.
Our legal immigration system should accomplish two main goals: One, it should help American workers get a decent pay raise and have a higher standard of living. And, two, it should help promote economic growth to make America more competitive in the world.
Our current system simply doesn’t do that. It's over a half-century old. It is an obsolete disaster. And it's time for it to change.
So, first, we bring over a million immigrants into this country a year. That's like adding the population of Montana every single year; adding the population of Arkansas every three years. The vast majority of those workers -- or those immigrants come here not because of their English-language abilities or their job skills, or their job offer, or their educational attainment. In fact, only 1 in 15 -- only 1 in 15 out of a million new immigrants come here because of their job skills and their ability to succeed in this economy.
That means it puts great downward pressure on people who work with their hands and work on their feet. Now, for some people, they may think that that's a symbol of America's virtue and generosity. I think it's a symbol that we're not committed to working-class Americans. And we need to change that.
Second, we also lose out on the very best talent coming to our country -- the most ultra, high-skilled immigrants who can come here and bring their entrepreneurial spirit and their innovative capabilities, and make a higher wage, create new jobs for other Americans and new immigrants, speak English, and contribute to our economy, and stand on their own two feet, and pay taxes, and not receive welfare, and not drive down wages for working-class Americans.
The RAISE Act will change all of that by re-orienting our Green Card system towards people who can speak English, who have high degrees of educational attainment, who have a job offer that pays more, and a typical job in their local economy, who are going to create a new business, and who are outstanding in their field around the world.
And I'm excited, and I look forward to working with Senator Perdue and President Trump to pass this legislation through the Congress and make this kind of very fundamental, sweeping change for the first time in over 50 years to our immigration system.
Thank you.
SENATOR PERDUE: Thank you, Tom. Thank you, Mr. President. Good afternoon, everyone.
First of all, Mr. President, I want to thank you for your leadership on this immigration topic. I think this is extremely critical for our country. You talked about it often on the campaign trail. You said job one was growing the economy. That is part of why I believe you’re standing here and why I’m standing here. You’ve also said that -- as a Fortune 500 CEO -- I’m the only Fortune 500 CEO in Congress, and I’ve lived around the world much of my career. And I can tell you, nothing that we’re going to do right now is more important than this in terms of growing our economy.
The reason we need to do this is very simple: Our current system does not work. It keeps America from being competitive, and it does not meet the needs of our economy today. Today, as Tom said, we bring in 1.1 million legal immigrants a year. Over 50 percent of our households of legal immigrants today participate in our social welfare system. Right now, only one 1 out of 15 immigrants who come into our country come in with skills that are employable. We've got to change that. As business guys, Mr. President, you and I understand we need we need a new approach: We need to fix this immigration system.
So we took a look at best practices. We looked at countries like Canada, Australia, and others. What we're introducing today is modeled on the current Canadian and Australian systems. It's pro-worker, it's pro-growth, and it's been proven to work. Both have been extremely successful in attracting highly skilled workers to those countries.
We can all agree the goals of our nation's immigration system should be to protect the interests of working Americans, including immigrants, and to welcome talented individuals who come here legally and want to work and make a better life for themselves. Our current system makes it virtually impossible for them to do that.
If we're going to continue as the innovator in the world and the leader economically, it's imperative that our immigration system focus on highly skilled, permanent workers who can add value to our economy and ultimately achieve their own version of the American Dream.
What we're talking about today is very simple: It's measured, it's a rational approach to immigration that will allow us to finally fix once and for all this broken system in a strategic way that will reposition America as a global leader economically.
Mr. President, I am proud to stand here with you and Tom Cotton. I look forward to passing this in U.S. Congress and making this a law of the land, and letting it be a sweeping change for America. Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: I just want to state that, as you probably have noticed, the stock market hit an all-time record high today -- over 22,000. We've picked up, substantially now, more than $4 trillion in net worth in terms of our country, our stocks, our companies. We have a growth rate -- a GDP -- which has been much higher than, as you know, anybody anticipated, except maybe us. But it's going to go up. It's going to go higher, too. We're doing a job.
And you're going to see jobs are pouring back into the country. The factories and plants are coming back into the country. We're going to start making product in America again. And that's happening all over. As I mentioned yesterday, Foxconn is going to spend $10 billion in Wisconsin and other places. And I think the $10 billion is going to end up being $30 billion. They make the iPhones for Apple and others, and it is a truly incredible company.
So we have a lot of things happening that are really great. But again, today the stock market hit the highest level that it has ever been, and our country is doing very well.
I just want to thank you all. Tom and David are going to be outside. They're going to speak to you at length about what we're going to do with respect to this aspect of immigration. I think it's going to be very, very important -- the biggest in 50 years -- biggest change in 50 years.
Thank you all very much.
END
11:49 A.M. EDTEast Room
3:15 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Please be seated. Thank you, Chaplain Hurley. Secretary Mnuchin, Secretary Mattis, Secretary Shulkin, Senator Stabenow, Congressman Upton, and members of the Armed Forces: Thank you for joining us as we award our nation’s highest military honor to Specialist Five James C. McCloughan.
Today, we pay tribute to a veteran who went above and beyond the call of duty to protect our comrades, our country, and our freedom.
Joining Jim today is his wife Cherie, his brothers Mike and Tom, his sons Jamie and Matt, and many other members of his very large and beautiful family.
We’re also gratified to be joined by eight previous Medal of Honor recipients. Now, Jim’s name will stand forever alongside theirs in our history and in our hearts. I want to take a few minutes to tell you about Jim and how he earned this place among legends.
Jim was raised in Bangor, Michigan. His father built their house from scratch and worked 40 years at a piano factory. Jim’s dad taught him a simple but powerful lesson: Never do anything halfway. Always do your best. Jim took that lesson very much to heart. He played for four varsity sports in high school and three in college.
In August of 1968, Jim was drafted into the Army. Within six months, he was trained as a medic and arrived in Vietnam. Right away, Jim poured all of himself into his duties treating the sick and the wounded. Before long, all his fellow soldiers called him “Doc.”
On May 13, 1969, less than three months after he arrived, Jim was one of 89 men in Charlie Company to embark on a mission to secure a transportation route near Nui Yon. As Jim and his men jumped out of the helicopter, it quickly became clear that they were surrounded by enemy troops. Within minutes, two choppers were shot down, and one of his men was badly wounded in the middle of an open field.
Jim did not hesitate. He blazed through 100 meters of enemy fire to carry the wounded and the soldier to safety. But this was only the first of many heroic deeds Jim would perform over the next 48 hours.
After tending to the first wounded soldier, Jim joined a mission to advance toward the enemy, and advance they did. Before long, they were ambushed. Again, he ran into danger to rescue his men. As he cared for two soldiers, shrapnel from a rocket-propelled grenade slashed open the back of Jim’s body from head to foot.
Yet that terrible wound didn’t stop Jim from pulling those two men to safety, nor did it stop him from answering the plea of another wounded comrade and carrying him to safety atop his own badly injured body. He was badly injured.
And so it went, shot after shot, blast upon blast. As one of his comrades recalled, whoever called "medic" could immediately count on McCloughan. He's a brave guy.
As day turned to dusk, nearly all of those who could and really, really had to make it back -- they were finally within their night defensive position, except for one soldier whose plea Jim could not ignore.
Again, “Doc" did not hesitate. He crawled through a rice paddy thick with steel rain. That means bullets all over the place. As soldiers watched him, they were sure that was the last time they would see “Doc.” They thought that was the end of their friend, Jim.
But after several minutes passed, Jim emerged from the smoke and fire carrying yet another soldier. He immediately badgered [bandaged] and fixed and worked, but he got the wounds fixed and lifted the soldier to a medevac helicopter.
His lieutenant ordered Jim to get in, too. "Get in," he said, "get in." But Jim refused. He said, “You’re going to need me here.” As Jim now says, “I would have rather died on the battlefield than know that men died because they did not have a medic.”
Over the next 24 hours, Jim fired at enemy soldiers, suffered a bullet wound to his arm, and continued to race into gunfire to save more and more lives.
And yet, as night approached again, after nearly two days of no food, no water, and no rest, Jim volunteered to hold a blinking light in an open field to signal for a supply drop. He would not yield, he would not rest, he would not stop, and he would not flinch in the face of sure death and definite danger.
Though he was thousands of miles from home, it was as if the strength and pride of our whole nation was beating inside of Jim’s heart. Jim did what his father had taught him -- he gave it his all and then he just kept giving.
In those 48 hours, Jim rescued 10 American soldiers and tended to countless others. He was one of 32 men who fought until the end. They held their ground against more than 2,000 enemy troops.
Jim, I know I speak for every person here when I say that we are in awe of your actions and your bravery. But let me tell you one thing, and one more story about Jim. On the second day of that bloody fight, Jim found a few soldiers and a fellow soldier who had been shot badly in the stomach. He knew the soldier wouldn’t make it if he flung him on the back, so he lifted him up and carried him in his arms.
As Jim was carrying the soldier, a thought flashed through his mind. Although Jim had always been very close to his father, he realized that it was not since he had been a young boy that he had told his dad those three very simple but beautiful words: “I love you.”
In that moment, Jim offered up a prayer. He asked God, “If you get me out of this hell on Earth so I can tell my dad I love him, I’ll be the best coach and the best father you could ever ask for.” As he prayed, a great peace came over him. And if it was God’s will for him to live, he’d keep his promise to God as soon as he had the chance.
Jim made it out of that hell on Earth. He made it; here he is. And the first thing he did when he arrived back on American soil was to say those beautiful words: “I love you, Dad. I love you.” Jim said those words over and over again for the next 22 years until the last time he saw his father, the night before his dad passed on.
Today, I’d venture to say his dad is the proudest father in heaven. Jim fought with all of the love and courage in his soul. He was prepared to lay down his life so his brothers-in-arms could live theirs.
With us today are 10 of the men who fought alongside Jim, and five of those he saved. To Bill, Randy, Mike, Joe, Kent, Robert, John, Charles, Michael, Orestes -- thank you for your service and sacrifice. Stand up wherever you may be. Where are you? Where are you? (Applause.) Thank you, fellas. That's great.
For over two centuries, our brave men and women in uniform have overcome tyranny, fascism, communism, and every threat to our freedom -- every single threat they've overcome. And we’ve overcome these threats because of titans like Jim whose spirit could never be conquered.
That’s what this award is, and Jim’s life represents so well: America’s unbreakable spirit. It’s been 48 years since Jim’s battle in Vietnam. He is now a husband, a father, and a grandfather. He coached high school football, wrestling, and baseball for 38 years, just like he said he would. And he brought together every member he could find of his beloved Charlie Company.
To many people in this room, Specialist Five McCloughan has always been their friend, “Jim.” To others, he’s been “Coach.” To those who bravely served with him in Vietnam, he’s still called their “Doc.” To his parents Scotty and Margaret, both watching from heaven, he will always be their son. But today, [to] 320 million grateful American hearts, Private McCloughan carries one immortal title -- and that title is "hero."
Specialist Five McCloughan: We honor you. We salute you. And with God as your witness, we thank you for what you did for all of us.
Now I would like the military aide to come forward and read the citation.
MILITARY AIDE: The President of the United States of America, authorized by Act of Congress, March 3rd, 1863, has awarded in the name of Congress the Medal of Honor to Private First Class James C. McCloughan, United States Army, for conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty.
Private First Class [James] C. McCloughan distinguished himself by acts of gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty from May 13th through 15th, 1969, while serving as a combat medic with Charlie Company, 3rd Battalion, 21st Infantry, 196th Light Infantry Brigade, Americal Division.
The company air assaulted into an area near Tam Ky and Nui Yon Hill. On May 13th, with complete disregard for his life, he ran 100 meters in an open field through heavy fire to rescue a comrade too injured to move and carried him to safety. That same day, 2nd Platoon was ordered to search the area near Nui Yon Hill when the platoon was ambushed by a large North Vietnamese Army force and sustained heavy casualties.
With complete disregard for his life and personal safety, Private First Class McCloughan led two Americans into the safety of a trench while being wounded by shrapnel from a rocket-propelled grenade. He ignored a direct order to stay back, and braved an enemy assault while moving into the “kill zone” on four more occasions to extract wounded comrades.
He treated the injured, prepared the evacuation, and though bleeding heavily from shrapnel wounds on his head and entire body, refused evacuation to safety in order to remain at the battle site with his fellow soldiers who were heavily outnumbered by the North Vietnamese Army forces.
On May 14th, the platoon was again ordered to move out towards Nui Yon Hill. Private First Class McCloughan was wounded a second time by small arms fire and shrapnel from a rocket-propelled grenade while rendering aid to two soldiers in an open rice paddy. In the final phases of the attack, two companies from 2nd North Vietnamese Army Division and an element of 700 soldiers from a Viet Cong regiment descended upon Charlie Company's position on three sides.
Private First Class McCloughan, again with complete disregard for his life, went into the crossfire numerous times throughout the battle to extract the wounded soldiers, while also fighting the enemy. His relentless and courageous actions inspired and motivated his comrades to fight for their survival. When supplies ran low, Private First Class McCloughan volunteered to hold a blinking strobe light in an open area as a marker for a nighttime resupply drop. He remained steadfast while bullets landed all around him and rocket-propelled grenades flew over his prone, exposed body.
During the morning darkness of May 15th, Private First Class McCloughan knocked out a rocket-propelled grenade position with a grenade, fought and eliminated enemy soldiers, treated numerous casualties, kept two critically-wounded soldiers alive through the night, and organized the dead and wounded for evacuation at daylight. His timely and courageous actions were instrumental in saving the lives of his fellow soldiers.
Private First Class McCloughan’s personal heroism, professional competence, and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of the military service and reflect great credit upon himself, the Americal Division, and the United States Army.
(The Medal of Honor is presented.) (Applause.)
(A prayer is given.)
THE PRESIDENT: Jim, thank you. God bless you. God bless your family. God bless the United States of America. Thank you, Jim. (Applause.)
END
3:35 P.M. EDT10:07 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Good morning. This is our first Cabinet meeting with General Kelly. He will be Chief of Staff, as you know. We all know him, we respect him, admire what he’s done. And at Homeland, what he has done has been nothing short of miraculous. As you know, the border was a tremendous problem and they’re close to 80 percent stoppage. And even the President of Mexico called me -- they said their southern border, very few people are coming because they know they’re not going to get through our border, which is the ultimate compliment.
So I just want to congratulate him on the great job he’s done with Homeland Security, and I have no doubt that he will be an absolutely superb Chief of Staff.
We were discussing a little while ago, before the meeting, how well we’re doing, however. We have the highest stock market in history. We have a GDP, on Friday -- it got very little mention, although I guess in the business areas it did. But it got, I think, very little mention. 2.6 is a number that nobody thought they’d see for a long period of time. Remember, I was saying we will hit three at some point in the not-too-distant future, and everybody smiled and they laughed and they thought we’d be at one. And 2.6 is an unbelievable number, announced on Friday.
Unemployment is the lowest it's been in 17 years. Business enthusiasm is about as high as they’ve ever seen it. In fact, it is as high -- the highest point in 28 years according to a certain graph and a certain chart. The manufacturers are -- the enthusiasm level is incredible. We have a lot of tremendous things going. We have some interesting situations that we’ll handle: North Korea, Middle East, lots of problems that we inherited from previous administrations. But we’ll take care of them. We’ll take care of them very well.
But, overall, I think we’re doing incredibly well. The economy is doing incredibly well, and many other things. So we’re starting from a really good base. I predict that General Kelly will go down, in terms of the position of Chief of Staff, one of the great ever. And we’re going to have a good time, but, much more importantly, we’re going to work hard and we’re going to make America great again.
It’s all about making America great again. That’s what we’re going to do. That’s what I said. That’s how we won this big election. And that’s what we’re in the process of doing and continuing.
And, General, it’s really great to have you on board, and thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you very much, everybody.
Q Mr. President, what can you do about North Korea?
THE PRESIDENT: We’ll handle North Korea. We’re going to be able to handle them. It will be handled. We handle everything. Thank you very much.
END
10:10 A.M. EDT9:34 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: We just swore in General Kelly. He will do a spectacular job, I have no doubt, as Chief of Staff. What he's done in terms of Homeland Security is record-shattering -- if you look at the border, you look at the tremendous results we've had, and you look at the spirit. And with a very controversial situation, there's been very little controversy -- which is pretty amazing by itself.
So I want to congratulate you on having done a fantastic job, General. And we look forward to, if it's possible, an even better job as Chief of Staff.
GENERAL KELLY: I'll try, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. We'll see you in the boardroom. We're having a Cabinet meeting.
Q Mr. President, how do you expect things will be different under General Kelly's tenure?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I think we've done very well. We've done very well. Lots of records. Lots of records created, John.
If you look at stock markets -- the highest it's ever been. Unemployment -- lowest in 17 years. Companies are doing tremendously well. Business spirit is the highest it's ever been according to polls -- if you look at the polls -- the highest it's ever been in the history of these polls.
We're doing very well. We have a tremendous base. We have a tremendous group of support. The country is optimistic. And I think the General would just add to it. But the country is doing very well. Strongest stock market ever. On Friday, we hit the highest in the history of the stock market. Business is very enthusiastic. And we will proceed and we will keep going.
But we have a fantastic leader, Chief of Staff. He's going to do a really great job.
Thank you very much. We'll see you in the boardroom.
END
9:36 A.M. EDTVan Nostrand Theatre
Ronkonkoma, New York
2:09 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much. This is certainly being home for me. I spent a lot of time right here. I was in Queens, so I'd come here, and this was like the luxury location for me. And I love it. I love the people here. Even coming in from the airport, I sat with Nikki Haley, who's here someplace. Where's our Nikki? Ambassador Nikki Haley, who is so incredible. (Applause.) And she's seen crowds in her life, and she said, boy, those are really big crowds. Crowds of people all lining the streets, all the way over to here. And it's really a special place. And so when I heard about this, I said, I want to do that one.
But I really wanted to do it not because of location, but because, as you know, I am the big, big believer and admirer of the people in law enforcement, okay? From day one. (Applause.) From day one. We love our police. We love our sheriffs. And we love our ICE officers. And they have been working hard. (Applause.) Thank you. They have been working hard.
Together, we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities, and we're going to destroy the vile criminal cartel, MS-13, and many other gangs. But MS-13 is particularly violent. They don’t like shooting people because it's too quick, it's too fast. I was reading -- one of these animals was caught -- in explaining, they like to knife them and cut them, and let them die slowly because that way it's more painful, and they enjoy watching that much more. These are animals.
We're joined today by police and sheriffs from Suffolk, Nassau, Dutchess and Ulster counties; state police from New York and New Jersey -- many of you I know, great friends; Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers; and law enforcement personnel from a number of federal agencies. So we're loaded up with great people -- that's what I call it.
And I want to just tell you all together, right now, the reason I came -- this is the most important sentence to me: On behalf of the American people, I want to say, thank you. Thank you very much. (Applause.) Thank you.
And I don’t think you know how much the public respects and admires you. You're saving American lives every day, and we have your backs -- believe me -- we have your backs 100 percent. Not like the old days. Not like the old days. (Applause.)
You know, when you wanted to take over and you used military equipment -- and they were saying you couldn’t do it -- you know what I said? That was my first day: You can do it. (Laughter.) In fact, that stuff is disappearing so fast we have none left. (Laughter.) You guys know -- you really knew how to get that. But that's my honor. And I tell you what -- it's being put to good use.
I especially want to thank ICE Director Tom Homan, who has done an incredible job in just a short period of time. Tom, get up here. I know you just -- (applause) -- Tom is determined to rid our nation of cartels and criminals who are preying on our citizens. And I can only say to Tom: Keep up the great work. He's a tough guy. He's a tough cookie. Somebody said the other day, they saw him on television, and somebody -- they were interviewed after that; they said, he looks very nasty, he looks very mean. I said, that's what I'm looking for. (Laughter.) That's exactly what I was looking for.
And for that, I want to congratulate John Kelly, who has done an incredible job of Secretary of Homeland Security. Incredible. (Applause.) One of our real stars. Truly, one of our stars. John Kelly is one of our great stars. You know, the border is down 78 percent. Under past administrations, the border didn’t go down -- it went up. But if it went down 1 percent, it was like this was a great thing. Down 78 percent. And, in fact, the southern border of Mexico, we did them a big favor -- believe me. They get very little traffic in there anymore, because they know they're not going to get through the border to the United States.
So that whole group has been incredible, led by General Kelly.
Let me also express our gratitude to the members of the New York Delegation here today: Congressman Chris Collins. Where's Chris? Oh, Chris, right from the beginning he said, "Trump is going to win. Trump is going to win." So I like him. (Laughter.) I didn’t like him that much before; now I love him. (Laughter and applause.) Dan Donovan -- thanks, Dan. (Applause.) Thank you, Dan. And Lee Zeldin, who I supported right from the beginning, when they said he didn’t have a chance of beating a pretty popular incumbent. (Applause.)
And I saw him in a debate. I said, I think this guy is going to win. But he fought a pretty popular guy, and I said, I think he’s going to win and went heavy for him, and he won. And he won pretty easily, didn't you? Pretty good. I’m proud of you. Great job.
And, of course, a legend, somebody that we all know very well, sort of my neighbor -- because I consider him a neighbor -- but he’s really a great and highly respected man in Washington, Congressman Peter King. (Applause.) Very respected guy. He is a respected man that people like to ask opinions of. I do.
Congressman King and his colleagues know the terrible pain and violence MS-13 has inflicted upon this community -- and this country. And if you remember just a little more than two years ago, when I came down the escalator with Melania, and I made the speech -- people coming into this country. Everyone said, what does he know? What’s he talking about?
And there was bedlam. Remember bedlam? And then about two months later, they said, you know, he’s right. So I’m honored to have brought it to everybody’s attention. But the suffering and the pain that we were going through -- and now you can look at the numbers -- it’s a whole different world.
And it will get better and better and better because we've been able to start nipping it in the bud. We've nipped it in the bud -- let’s call it start nipping in the bud.
And MS-13, the cartel, has spread gruesome bloodshed throughout the United States. We've gotten a lot of them out of here. Big, big percentage. But the rest are coming -- they’ll be out of here quickly, right? Quickly. Good. (Applause.)
So I asked Tom on the plane -- he was never on Air Force One -- I said, how do you like it? He said, I like it. (Laughter.) But I said, hey, Tom, let me ask you a question -- how tough are these guys, MS-13? He said, they're nothing compared to my guys. Nothing. And that's what you need. Sometimes that's what you need, right?
For many years, they exploited America’s weak borders and lax immigration enforcement to bring drugs and violence to cities and towns all across America. They're there right now because of weak political leadership, weak leadership, weak policing, and in many cases because the police weren’t allowed to do their job. I’ve met police that are great police that aren’t allowed to do their job because they have a pathetic mayor or a mayor doesn't know what’s going on. (Applause.)
Were you applauding for someone in particular? (Laughter.) It’s sad. It’s sad. You look at what’s happening, it’s sad.
But hopefully -- certainly in the country, those days are over. You may have a little bit longer to wait.
But from now on, we’re going to enforce our laws, protect our borders, and support our police like our police have never been supported before. We're going to support you like you've never been supported before. (Applause.)
Few communities have suffered worse at the hands of these MS-13 thugs than the people of Long Island. Hard to believe. I grew up on Long Island. I didn't know about this. I didn't know about this. And then all of a sudden, this is like a new phenomenon. Our hearts and our nation grieve for the victims and their families.
Since January ‘16 -- think of this -- MS-13 gang members have brutally murdered 17 beautiful, young lives in this area on Long Island alone. Think of it. They butcher those little girls. They kidnap, they extort, they rape and they rob. They prey on children. They shouldn’t be here. They stomp on their victims. They beat them with clubs. They slash them with machetes, and they stab them with knives. They have transformed peaceful parks and beautiful, quiet neighborhoods into bloodstained killing fields. They're animals.
We cannot tolerate as a society the spilling of innocent, young, wonderful, vibrant people -- sons and daughters, even husbands and wives. We cannot accept this violence one day more. Can't do it, and we're not going to do it. Because of you, we're not going to be able to do it. You're not going to allow it to happen, and we're backing you up 100 percent. Remember that -- 100 percent. (Applause.)
It is the policy of this administration to dismantle, decimate and eradicate MS-13 at every other -- and I have to say, MS-13, that's a name; rough groups -- that's fine. We got a lot of others. And they were all let in here over a relatively short period of time. Not during my period of time, believe me. But we're getting them out. They're going to jails, and then they're going back to their country. Or they're going back to their country, period.
One by one, we’re liberating our American towns. Can you believe that I’m saying that? I’m talking about liberating our towns. This is like I’d see in a movie: They're liberating the town, like in the old Wild West, right? We're liberating our towns. I never thought I’d be standing up here talking about liberating the towns on Long Island where I grew up, but that's what you’re doing.
And I can tell you, I saw some photos where Tom’s guys -- rough guys. They're rough. I don't want to be -- say it because they’ll say that's not politically correct. You're not allowed to have rough people doing this kind of work. We have to get -- just like they don't want to have rich people at the head of Treasury, okay? (Laughter.) Like, I want a rich guy at the head of Treasury, right? Right? (Applause.)
I want a rich guy at the head of Commerce. Because we've been screwed so badly on trade deals, I want people that made a lot of money now to make a lot of money for our country.
And, by the way, as I was walking up, they just gave me the numbers. Our numbers just came out this morning. GDP is up double from what it was in the first quarter. (Applause.) 2.6 percent. We're doing well. We're doing really well. And we took off all those restrictions. And some we’re statutorily stuck with a for a little while, but eventually that statute comes up, and we're going to be able to cut a lot more. But we've sort of liberated the world of creating jobs like you're liberating us and the people that live in areas.
But I have to say, one by one, we are indeed freeing up these great American towns and cities that are under siege from gang violence.
Look at Los Angeles. Look at what’s going on in Los Angeles. Look at Chicago. What is going on? Is anybody here from Chicago? We have to send some of you to Chicago, I think. (Laughter.) What’s going on?
I mean, you see what’s happening there? There’s no -- do we agree? Is there something maybe -- (applause) -- is there something -- I have to tell you one Chicago story.
So Chicago is having this unbelievable violence; people being killed -- four, five, six in a weekend. And I’m saying, what is going on?
And when I was running, we had motorcycle brigades take us to the planes and stuff. And one of the guys, really good -- you could see a really respected officer, police officer. He was at the head. He was the boss. And you could see he was the boss. He actually talked like the boss. "Come on, get lined up." Because I’d always take pictures with the police because I did that. My guys said, don't do it. Don't do it. (Applause.)
Other candidates didn't do it that I was beating by 40 points, can you believe it? But I did it. Maybe that's why I was winning by 40 points. But other candidates wouldn’t do it, but I always took the pictures with the police.
But we're in Chicago, and we had massive motorcycle bridges, and you know those people have to volunteer. I don't know if you know that, but from what I understand, they have to volunteer. And I had the biggest brigades. I had brigades sometimes with almost 300 motorcycles. Even I was impressed. I’d look ahead and it was nothing but motorcycles because they’d volunteer from all over various states.
But this one guy was impressive. He was a rough cookie and really respected guy. I could see he was respected. And he said, "All right, come on, get over here. Get over here. He’s got to get to work. Get over here." And I said, "So let me tell -- you're from Chicago?" "Yes, sir." I said, "What the hell is going on?" And he said, "It’s a problem; it can be straightened out." I said, "How long would it take you to straighten out this problem?" He said, "If you gave me the authority, a couple of days." (Laughter.) I really mean it. I said, "You really think so?" He said, "A couple of days. We know all the bad ones. We know them all." And he said, the officers -- you guys, you know all the bad ones in your area. You know them by their names. He said, "We know them all. A couple of days."
I said, "You got to be kidding." Now, this is a year and a half ago. I said, "Give me your card." And he gave me a card. And I sent it to the mayor. I said, "You ought to try using this guy." (Laughter.)
Guess what happened? Never heard. And last week they had another record. It’s horrible.
But we're just getting started. We will restore law and order on Long Island. We’ll bring back justice to the United States. I’m very happy to have gotten a great, great Justice of the United States Supreme Court, not only nominated, but approved. And, by the way, your Second Amendment is safe. (Applause.) Your Second Amendment is safe. I feel very good about that. It wasn’t looking so good for the Second Amendment, was it, huh? If Trump doesn’t win, your Second Amendment is gone. Your Second Amendment would be gone.
But I have a simple message today for every gang member and criminal alien that are threatening so violently our people: We will find you, we will arrest you, we will jail you, and we will deport you. (Applause.)
And, you know, we had some problems with certain countries. Still do with a couple, but we'll take care of them -- don’t worry about it. Anytime we have a trade deficit, it's very easy -- which is almost everywhere. We have trade deficits with almost every country because we had a lot of really bad negotiators making deals with other countries. So it's almost everywhere, so that takes care of itself.
But we had certain countries in South America where they wouldn’t take the people back. And I said, that's okay, no more trade. All of a sudden they started taking their people back. It's amazing, isn’t it? They used to send to the former Secretary of State of the country, "Please call. Would you please work it so that we can take" -- and they used to just tell her, "No, we won't take back." They take back with us, every single time. We're having very little problem. Are we having any problem right now with that? Huh? You better believe it. Give me the names of the few problems. We'll take care of it, I'm telling you. (Laughter and applause.) It's unbelievable.
One of the old people -- one of the people that represented the other administration -- I said, why didn’t you use that, the power of economics? "Sir, we think one thing has nothing to do with another." I said, oh, really? So we'll have big deficits and they won't take back these criminals that came from there and should be back there? Well, believe me, to me, everything matters. But they're all taking them back.
ICE officers recently conducted the largest crackdown on criminal gangs in the history of our country. In just six weeks, ICE and our law enforcement partners arrested nearly 1,400 suspects and seized more than 200 illegal firearms and some beauties, and nearly 600 pounds of narcotics.
The men and women of ICE are turning the tide in the battle against MS-13. But we need more resources from Congress -- and we're getting them. Congress is actually opening up and really doing a job. They should have approved healthcare last night, but you can't have everything. Boy, oh, boy. They've been working on that one for seven years. Can you believe that? The swamp. But we'll get it done. We're going to get it done.
You know, I said from the beginning: Let Obamacare implode, and then do it. I turned out to be right. Let Obamacare implode. (Applause.)
Right now, we have less than 6,000 Enforcement and Removal Officers in ICE. This is not enough to protect a nation of more than 320 million people. It's essential that Congress fund another 10,000 ICE officers -- and we're asking for that -- so that we can eliminate MS-13 and root out the criminal cartels from our country.
Now, we're getting them out anyway, but we'd like to get them out a lot faster. And when you see these towns and when you see these thugs being thrown into the back of a paddy wagon -- you just see them thrown in, rough -- I said, please don’t be too nice. (Laughter.) Like when you guys put somebody in the car and you're protecting their head, you know, the way you put their hand over? Like, don’t hit their head and they've just killed somebody -- don't hit their head. I said, you can take the hand away, okay? (Laughter and applause.)
It's essential that Congress fund hundreds more federal immigration judges and prosecutors -- and we need them quickly, quickly -- if we're going to dismantle these deadly networks. And I have to tell you, you know, the laws are so horrendously stacked against us, because for years and years they've been made to protect the criminal. Totally made to protect the criminal, not the officers. If you do something wrong, you're in more jeopardy than they are. These laws are stacked against you. We're changing those laws. But in the meantime, we need judges for the simplest thing -- things that you should be able to do without a judge. But we have to have those judges quickly. In the meantime, we're trying to change the laws.
We're also working with Chairman Bob Goodlatte on a series of enforcement measures -- and he’s a terrific guy -- to keep our country safe from crime and terrorism -- and in particular, radical Islamic terrorism. (Applause.) A term never uttered by the past administration. Never uttered. Did anybody ever hear that term? I don't think so. But you heard it from me.
That includes cracking down on sanctuary cities that defy federal law, shield visa overstays, and that release dangerous criminals back into the United States’ communities. That's what’s happening. They're releasing them. So many deaths where they release somebody back into the community, and they know it’s going to end that way. That's the sad -- they know it’s going to end that way. We're ending those procedures. (Applause.) Thank you.
We have to secure -- I spoke to parents, incredible parents. I got to know so many parents of children that were so horribly killed -- burned to death, beaten to death, just the worst kind of death you can ever -- stuffed in barrels. And the person that did it was released, and you’d look at the file, and there were letter after letter after letter of people begging not to let this animal back into society; that this would happen, it would happen quickly. It wasn’t even like it would happen over a long period of time. They were saying it would happen quickly. It’s total violence. He’s a totally violent person. You cannot let this person out.
They let the person out, and sometimes it would happen like on the first day. And then you have to talk to the parents and hold the parents and hug them. And they're crying so -- I mean crying. Their lives are destroyed. And nobody thinks about those people. They don't think about those people. They're devastated.
But we're ending so much of that. We're ending hopefully all of that. The laws are tough. The laws are stacked against us, but we're ending that. (Applause.)
So we're going to secure our borders against illegal entry, and we will build the wall. That I can tell you. (Applause.)
In fact, last night -- you don't read about this too much, but it was approved -- $1.6 billion for the phase one of the wall, which is not only design but the start of construction over a period of about two years, but the start of construction for a great border wall. And we're going to build it. The Wall is a vital, and vital as a tool, for ending the humanitarian disaster brought -- and really brought on by drug smugglers and new words that we haven’t heard too much of -- human traffickers.
This is a term that's been going on from the beginning of time, and they say it’s worse now than it ever was. You go back a thousand years where you think of human trafficking, you go back 500 years, 200 years, 100 years. Human trafficking they say -- think of it, but they do -- human trafficking is worse now maybe than it’s ever been in the history of this world.
We need a wall. We also need it, though, for the drugs, because the drugs aren’t going through walls very easily -- especially the walls that I build. I’m a very good builder. You people know that better than most because you live in the area. That's why I’m here. (Applause.) We’ll build a good wall.
Now, we're going to build a real wall. We're going to build a wall that works, and it’s going to have a huge impact on the inflow of drugs coming across. The wall is almost -- that could be one of the main reasons you have to have it. It’s an additional tool to stop the inflow of drugs into our country.
The previous administration enacted an open-door policy to illegal migrants from Central America. "Welcome in. Come in, please, please."
As a result, MS-13 surged into the country and scoured, and just absolutely destroyed, so much in front of it. New arrivals came in and they were all made recruits of each other, and they fought with each other, and then they fought outside of each other. And it got worse and worse, and we've turned that back.
In the three years before I took office, more than 150,000 unaccompanied alien minors arrived at the border and were released all throughout our country into United States’ communities -- at a tremendous monetary cost to local taxpayers and also a great cost to life and safety.
Nearly 4,000 from this wave were released into Suffolk County -- congratulations -- including seven who are now indicted for murder. You know about that.
In Washington, D.C. region, at least 42 alien minors from the border surge have been recently implicated in MS-13-related violence, including 19 charged in killings or attempted killings.
You say, what happened to the old days where people came into this country, they worked and they worked and they worked, and they had families, and they paid taxes, and they did all sorts of things, and their families got stronger, and they were closely knit? We don't see that.
Failure to enforce our immigration laws had predictable results: drugs, gangs and violence. But that’s all changing now.
Under the Trump administration, America is once more a nation of laws and once again a nation that stands up for our law enforcement officers. (Applause.)
We will defend our country, protect our communities, and put the safety of the American people first. And I’m doing that with law enforcement, and we're doing that with trade, and we're doing that with so much else. It’s called America First. It’s called an expression I’m sure you've never heard of: Make America Great Again. Has anybody heard that expression? (Applause.)
That is my promise to each of you. That is the oath I took as President, and that is my sacred pledge to the American people.
Thank you everyone here today. You are really special, special Americans. And thank you in particular to the great police, sheriffs, and ICE officers. You do a spectacular job. The country loves you. The country respects you. You don't hear it, but believe me, they respect you as much as they respect anything. There is the respect about our country. You are spectacular people. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA!
THE PRESIDENT: Because of the danger of your job, which people also understand fully, I leave you with the following: Thank you and may God bless you. May God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
END
2:43 P.M. EDTYour browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript:
My fellow Americans,
This past week, we have celebrated, saluted, and honored American heroes who have devoted their lives to God, Family, and Country.
Aboard USS Gerald R. Ford, we saluted those who will defend our flag on the newest and most advanced aircraft carrier in the history of our world.
In Ohio, I delivered a very special award to a heroic military survivor from the Pearl Harbor attack – long ago, but he is still in great shape.
At the White House, we have bestowed the Medal of Valor on the brave police officers who saved so many lives after a gunman opened fire on lawmakers during a Congressional baseball practice – they were very, very brave, and they truly did save lives.
And today in New York, we thank the law enforcement officers who are going after violent criminals and MS-13 gang members and restoring safety and peace to our communities.
All American heroes – whether they patrol the oceans, protect our Capitol, safeguard our streets, or serve in many other ways – share a common bond: They believe in America, they love our citizens, and they will stop at nothing to defend our safety and our freedom.
That is why we honor our heroes and work hard every day to build an America that is worthy of their sacrifices.
The source of America’s strength is found in the spirit of our people. The heroes among us represent that American spirit: courage, love, and sacrifice. Our hearts are filled with pride and gratitude for all those who, for over two centuries, have secured our nation and protected our citizens.
Throughout our history, heroes have answered the call of duty to defend our country in its hour of need – and they’re always there for us. And frankly, one of the great privileges and joys of serving as President of the United States is getting to spend time with these incredible Americans.
Our heroes show us who we are as a nation and a people. They remind us that every citizen is capable of greatness, and they renew the promise that America will grow stronger and greater than ever before – and that’s what we’re doing right now. Look at all the jobs that are coming in. Look at what’s happening with the stock markets. Look at so many things, where we’re just getting bigger, better, and stronger – and never, ever forget our military, where we’re adding billions and billions of dollars of new planes, new ships, and new equipment for our great soldiers and military personnel.
After all, heroes are Made in America, and we have to take care of our heroes.
Thank you and God bless you, and God bless the United States of America.East Room
3:25 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Please sit down. Thank you. And thank you to Vice President for doing a fantastic job and for the introduction. We welcome you all, members of Congress and distinguished guests. We are gathered here today for a very, very special occasion, as we pay tribute to real heroes whose courageous actions under fire saved so many lives in Alexandria, Virginia just six weeks ago.
On the morning of June 14th, several members of Congress began their day on the baseball diamond, practicing for one of this town's greatest traditions -- the annual charity Congressional baseball game. It was just another beautiful morning until the unthinkable happened. The familiar sounds of baseball were suddenly interrupted by loud, vicious gunfire.
Matt Mika, Zachary Barth, and beloved Congressman, and my friend, Steve Scalise were each shot during an attack. Others were injured trying to evade the incoming bullets, of which there were many.
Fortunately, from the moment that gunman began to shoot, he was met by return fire. Capitol Police Special Agents David Bailey and Crystal Griner raced through the bullets -- and that's exactly what they did, they raced through the bullets -- and immediately engaged the gunman.
Minutes later, members of the Alexandria Police Department arrived on scene. Officers Nicole Battaglia, Kevin Jobe, and Alex Jensen joined the fight. Special Agent Griner was shot in the leg -- visited her in the hospital, she was hurt very badly -- and shrapnel injured Special Agent Bailey as bullets swirled around him.
Despite their injuries, both officers heroically continued to face down the gunman until they brought him down. And he had rifles; they had handguns. That's a big difference.
These officers saved the lives of every innocent person on the field that day -- many of them friends of Mike and myself. They are American heroes and we salute them. (Applause.) Fantastic. That is so beautiful. Thank you.
We also salute the members of Congress who acted with such bravery in the face of danger, shielding each other and caring for the injured. We honor today the emergency dispatchers who directed the first responders to the scene within seconds. They really acted quickly.
I especially want to recognize all of the personnel from the Alexandria Fire Department and the U.S. Park Police Aviation Unit for providing life support in a crisis where every second mattered. Thank you for what you did that day and for what you do every single day. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
We also express our deep appreciation for the paramedics, doctors, nurses, and surgeons from MedStar Washington Hospital and George Washington University Hospital for saving the lives of the wounded.
Joining us today is Congressman Scalise's medical team: Dr. Jack Sava -- where's Jack? Dr. Sava. Stand up, Jack. Come on. (Applause.) That's beautiful. MedStar's Director of Trauma Surgery, and Dr. Robert Golden, the Director of Orthopedic Trauma. Doctor, doctor -- congratulations. (Applause.) They were a lot more worried that night at the hospital, weren't they? Great job.
You have the gratitude of the entire nation. Thank you for caring for the victims and for your dear friend Steve -- and he is our dear friend. Steve is a fighter. We've known that for a long time.
This week, he was been discharged from the hospital and is now beginning weeks of intensive rehabilitation at an in-patient facility. He will recover. We are praying for him, we are pulling for him, and we are sending his family our support and our love.
Steve's great wife -- who I have gotten to know -- Jennifer is here with us today, and we applaud the strength and courage that she has shown throughout this incredible ordeal. Thank you, Jennifer. (Applause.) Thank you, Jennifer.
Other Americans responded to this tragedy in ways that remind us how much stronger we are when we are united. When the Congressional baseball game was played just one day later, nearly 25,000 people turned out -- by far, a record. They raised more than $1.5 million for charity -- also, by far, a record. The citizens of Steve's home parish organized a blood drive in his name, and Vice President Pence donated his blood at the Congressional blood drive. Thank you, Mike. (Applause.)
Just recently, House Republicans and Democrats introduced a bill to provide support to Capitol Police officers who are injured on duty. People have been looking at this for a long time. But Jennifer, you can tell Steve that he pulled it off, okay? That's better than being a whip. I hope it gets to my desk soon. I will sign it immediately. (Applause.)
The assault on June 14th reminded us that evil exists in this world. But it also reminded us that heroes walk in our midst, that love triumphs over tragedy, and that our resolve is stronger than ever. We praise America's law enforcement -- and I've been praising them for a long time, they are unbelievable people -- for doing a tough -- for doing the tough jobs, the dangerous jobs, and sometimes thankless job with tremendous integrity, devotion, and courage. So I just want to thank law enforcement generally. Thank you. (Applause.)
I can only tell you from the campaign, the people love you, they respect you, and they admire you. So I know you go through a lot, but they have great admiration. So just remember that, please.
Today I am deeply honored to present our nation's highest award for a public safety officer -- the Medal of Valor to Special Agent Crystal Griner, Special Agent David Bailey; and Alexandria Police Department Officers Nicole Battaglia, Kevin Jobe, and Alex Jensen.
The Medal of Valor is reserved for those who go above and beyond the call of duty as each of these men and women did on that fateful day. And they did it with great courage, and they did it with instinct. When our human instincts tell us to run -- there's danger -- our police and first responders run straight at it, standing in the breach, protecting the innocent, and keeping our loved ones safe.
Now I would like the military aide to read the citation, as these American heroes step forward to receive the Medal of Valor.
MILITARY AIDE: Special Agent Crystal Griner. Medal of Valor presented to Special Agent Crystal Griner, U.S. Capitol Police District of Columbia, for bravery and composure while engaged in an active shooter incident. Despite being shot, Special Agent Griner placed herself in mortal danger to save the lives of members of Congress, attending family members, and congressional staff during a charity softball practice at Eugene Simpson Memorial Park in Alexandria, Virginia. (Applause.)
Special Agent David Bailey. Medal of Valor presented to Special Agent David Bailey, U.S. Capitol Police District of Columbia, for taking brave and decisive action to subdue an active shooter. Special Agent Bailey was shot during the exchange of gunfire, but continued to advance the shooter without benefit of cover until the active shooter was subdued, saving the lives of members of Congress, attending family members, and congressional staff. (Applause.)
Officer Nicole Battaglia. Medal of Valor presented to Officer Nicole Battaglia, Alexandria Police Department, Virginia, for demonstrating extraordinary courage in saving the lives of two U.S. Capitol Police officers, members of Congress, their families, and congressional staff. Officer Battaglia engaged the assailant, exchanging gunfire at close range and ultimately neutralizing him. (Applause.)
Officer Alexander Jensen. Medal of Valor presented to Officer Alex Jensen, Alexandria Police Department, Virginia, for swift and valiant action in responding to an active shooter. Officer Jensen put himself in harm's way during the active shooter incident, moving without cover and drawing fire from the assailant until the assailant was subdued and the safety of the members of Congress, their families, and congressional staff was ensured. (Applause.)
Officer Kevin Jobe. Medal of Valor presented to Officer Kevin Jobe, Alexandria Police Department, Virginia, for placing himself in grave danger to protect two U.S. Capitol Police officers, members of Congress, their families, and congressional staff. Officer Jobe engaged an active shooter, neutralizing a volatile gunman, and preventing further injuries to innocent bystanders in the park. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Very brave people. Great people. Congratulations to all of you. We are forever in your debt. Thank you. God bless you. God bless our truly amazing law enforcement. And God Bless America. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
3:44 P.M. EDT5:39 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. I want to thank our great Vice President. Thank you to Speaker Ryan. We're working very, very closely. We're getting a lot done.
Governor Walker has been so tremendous from the first time we announced that Terry even had a small amount of interest in going into this country someplace. And, you know, when you give that to Governor Walker, it's pretty much of a done deal. (Laughter.)
Ron Johnson, senator -- he's been so helpful to us on a thing that you haven't heard too much about recently -- healthcare. And I think we're doing okay, Ron. I'm hearing good things. I’m hearing good things.
Secretary Mnuchin, Secretary Ross, all of the congressmen -- great congressmen -- and senators we have in the audience: Thank you very much.
And thanks especially to my friend -- one of the great businessmen anywhere in the world -- Terry Gou. (Applause.) I would see Terry, and I'd say, Terry, you have to give us a couple of those massive -- these are massive -- places that you do such great work with. And he's going to be doing that in a state that's very close to my heart -- Wisconsin. So we're very happy. One of the big job producers anywhere at any time, Scott. So I know it's going to be fantastic for the people.
This is a great day for American workers and manufacturing, and for everyone who believes in the concept and the label, "Made in the USA." (Applause.)
Today, I am pleased to announce that Foxconn, a world leader in manufacturing for computers, communications, and consumer electronics -- one of the truly great companies of the world -- will build a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility for the production of LCD panel products in Wisconsin, investing many, many billions of dollars right here in America and creating thousands of jobs. And I mean American jobs -- that's what we want. (Applause.)
Another big investor in our country -- Steve Wynn, would you stand up? (Applause.) He's raising so much money for our great Republican Party. Andrea, please stand up. Please. Thank you. Thank you, Steve. Done a great job. You've done a great job, Steve. Thank you.
Foxconn will invest in southeast Wisconsin while a larger facility is constructed over the coming years. And that facility is currently under negotiation. It will be about the biggest there is anywhere. The company’s initial investment of more than $10 billion will create 3,000 jobs, at a minimum, with the potential for up to 13,000 jobs in the very near future. The construction of this facility represents the return of LCD electronics and electronics manufacturing to the United States, the country that we love. That's where we want our jobs.
To make such an incredible investment, Chairman Gou put his faith and confidence in the future of the American economy. In other words, if I didn’t get elected, he definitely would not be spending $10 billion. (Laughter and applause.)
His great company has seen our -- you know, you see exactly what I'm saying -- our administration’s work to remove job-killing regulations -- he's been watching -- to institute Buy American and Hire American, and all of those policies, and to pursue the steps necessary to revitalize American industry, including repealing and replacing Obamacare -- we better get that done, fellas, please. Mike, we need that so badly -- cutting taxes, fixing our trade deals, and rebuilding our infrastructure. We'll be submitting an infrastructure bill in the not-very-distant future. We're going to be submitting a tax bill in the very near future. (Applause.)
When this investment is complete, Foxconn has the potential to create more manufacturing jobs than we've seen in many, many decades.
Chairman Gou, I thank you for your investment in the American worker. They appreciate it. They will not let you down. They never let us down. There is nobody like the American worker.
Terry Gou told me that he believes in America -- and he really believes in America -- and that, as a great entrepreneur -- one of the greatest in the world, by the way -- he won't say it, but I'll say -- one of the great entrepreneurs of the world -- he has a real bond with the administration and with Americans. Foxconn joins a growing list of industry leaders who understand that America’s capabilities are limitless and that America’s workers are unmatched, and that America’s most prosperous days are just ahead. We are going to have some very, very magnificent decades.
Thank you all for being here. Thank you, Terry. And thank you to Foxconn. God bless the United States of America. God bless you all. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
5:47 P.M. EDT3:11 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Hello, everybody.
AUDIENCE: Hello, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: We actually just met, for the audience. We just met. (Laughter.) We took pictures, right?
AUDIENCE: Yeah.
THE PRESIDENT: That's right. Well, thank you very much. It’s my great honor to officially welcome Boys and Girls Nation to the White House. Really special place, isn’t it though? Isn’t it great? (Applause.) Great.
And I want to congratulate you -- what a job you’ve all done -- basically on all you’ve achieved at a very young age. It’s incredible. For decades, the American Legion has brought the best and brightest to the White House. This has taken place for many years.
Each of you were chosen out of the many thousands of people, that -- you know, they’re all calling in, they want to get into the White House. Is anybody upset that you’re here?
AUDIENCE: No.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, but you’re all really happy that you’re here, right? (Applause.)
But you represent your state, and that’s a very, very important element too. And a very important factor in getting here. You all share incredible talent and drive.
Most importantly, you have each other to really work with and to help. And you help each other, you’re teammates, you love our country -- that’s something we all have in common, right? We love our country, right? (Applause.)
While you come from all corners of our great landscape, you are all united by your devotion -- total devotion -- to our great American flag, our freedom, and the principles that bind us together as one people and one nation.
For more than a century, the American Legion has taught young citizens about the importance of patriotism and loyalty to our country. And through it all, there’s nothing like what you’re doing today and what you’ve achieved over a very, very short period of time. We want to thank you, and we want to thank the national chapters and everybody else.
We have to really give a special thanks to Commander Charles Schmidt. Where’s Charles? Where is Charles? (Applause.) Come here. Come here, Charles. Come on up here, Charles. What a great job. Come on. See, he wants to give you all the credit. (Laughter.) Who served in the Air Force for 28 years and now advances the Legion’s proud legacy. Thank you, Charles. (Applause.)
Today, we are joined by President of the American Legion and Auxiliary Mary Davis. Where is Mary? Where is Mary? Hello, Mary. Want to come up here? Come on, Mary. (Applause.) And Executive Director -- who I know -- Verna Jones. Come on, Verna. Come on up. Come on up. (Applause.) Come on up, Mary. Be careful.
I want to thank you for your commitment to these incredible students and to our country. Thank you. (Applause.)
I also want to honor former National Commander Bob Turner, who everyone really knows. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: Bob! Bob! Bob!
THE PRESIDENT: Wow. That’s pretty good, Bob. That’s as good as I’ve ever heard. (Laughter.) That’s fantastic. Come on over here, Bob. Be careful. We don’t want to see Bob go down. Do you agree with that? (Laughter.) Because he will never forget that. Come on, Bob.
This year, Bob is celebrating his 35th year helping to lead Boys Nation -- all as a volunteer. Thank you very much, Bob. That’s so great. (Applause.)
And, Bob, I know everyone here today agrees when I say thousands of young Americans are better patriots because of your incredible and steadfast service. Right, fellas? Right? (Applause.)
Through this program, countless young people like you have been inspired to protect American interests and to promote American values. Right? Many of those who have been in your place have gone on to become governors, members of Congress, generals, and one even became a President. You know who that one was?
AUDIENCE: Bill Clinton.
THE PRESIDENT: That’s true. See? (Laughter.)
The American Legion has held this meeting for seven decades. Just think of the history that has occurred during that time. When the first group of students met in 1946 -- oh, that’s an important day, you know why? That’s when I was born. (Laughter.) I hate to admit it. (Applause.) I hate to admit it. Oh, 1946. Oh wow. I shouldn’t have said that, Bob. (Laughter.)
Our nation had just welcomed home our brave heroes whose spirit and courage achieved victory over tyranny in World War II. Just over twenty years later, young men and women like you watched a man land on the moon and dreamed of new frontiers in space.
In 1987, Americans all across this nation joined their hearts with President Ronald Reagan in the hope, the prayer, and the conviction that the Berlin Wall would crumble in the face of truths, justice, and freedom. You know all about that.
AUDIENCE: Yes, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: In each of these moments, and so many others, America triumphed. We win. We know how to win, right?
AUDIENCE: Yes! (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: And we win because of the spirit of our people. Believe me, that's a big part of it.
Just think of the amazing moments in history you will witness during your lifetime. Well, you saw one on November 8th, right? (Applause.) That was a pretty amazing moment we have -- and we're doing a good job. Our country is doing so well now. We're doing a good job. You all happy?
AUDIENCE: Yes! (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Because you have what it takes to be the leaders that will shape this future. Some of you may want to come back to the capital -- someday, you're going to be back, many of you -- and help make the laws that will guide this nation and govern our land.
Others may choose to answer the call of duty, put on the uniform, and risk everything for our nation and for our nation’s people. Still others may become business leaders, teachers, artists, and inventors. We have them all, and we have them all here today.
And some of you don't even really know what it might be, but we have people that are going to be so successful, so incredible in their lives. And you're going to be happy. Do what you love. Do what you love. Follow what you love.
So I want to just tell -- as you pour your whole heart into everything you do, really you're doing it for your family, you're doing it for your country, but you're also doing it for yourselves. Because ultimately you have to do it for yourself. It’s better for your country, and your country wants you to succeed so much.
But there’s no country like the United States of America, and there’s no country that can give you the kind of opportunity that we give you in the United States. (Applause.)
Being successful is about finding your purpose in life and never ever giving up. Do you ever give up? No. Does anybody here give up?
AUDIENCE: No, sir!
THE PRESIDENT: What about here?
AUDIENCE: No, sir!
THE PRESIDENT: You're right. (Laughter.) And I think they mean it. I think they mean it.
A PARTICIPANT: Yes, sir, they mean it.
THE PRESIDENT: You were chosen for this program because you believe in America’s future and because you have the ambition and the heart to ensure that America will always be victorious and will always prevail.
Through Boys and Girls Nation, you are learning the values that are necessary for a nation to endure and for a nation to thrive -- pride in our history, loyalty to our citizens, and allegiance to our great American flag.
In the decades to come you will help our nation reach new heights -- we’ll be so proud of you -- discover new frontiers, and strengthen the bonds of loyalty between our country and its people.
It is my honor to meet with you all today, and it was my greater honor to come out here early before the press got here to take all of those pictures that we took, and I hope they send you the right pictures. (Laughter and applause.) And they will.
As I look out at the audience, I see the next generation of American leaders. I see the promise of our future. I see the strength and love of the American spirit. And because of young people like you, I am more confident than ever in the future of the United States.
Together, we will make America greater than ever before. I mean that. We're going to make America greater than ever before, and we're on our way. You see what’s going on. We're building up military. We're getting great job numbers -- best in 17 years. Best job numbers in 17 years. The enthusiasm for manufacturers and business is at just about the highest point since they started taking those tests.
So I just want to tell you: Go out there. Go get them. I have no doubt you're going to -- every one of you -- be successful.
Never quit. Never give up. Always do what you love. Take great care of your family and your parents because we love your parents. You probably wouldn’t be here without your parents, right? (Laughter and applause.)
So thank you again to the American Legion, and congratulations to you all. God bless you, and God bless America. And thank you for being at the White House. (Applause.)
(A song is performed.)
AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA!
THE PRESIDENT: You got the last word. (Applause.) Thank you, Bob. Thank you everybody. Have a great life and love your country and love your God. Okay? Bye everybody. Bye everybody. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
3:26 P.M. EDTAMVETS Post 44
Struthers, Ohio
6:28 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Look at all those cameras back there. Isn't that nice? (Laughter.) We love Ohio. Boy, do we love Ohio. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Ohio loves you!
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. And I'm going to be speaking about you in a couple of minutes. You are something. You are brave and strong, and we're going to be talking about you. And that's why we're here, to talk about you. So thank you very much.
And thank you, Secretary Shulkin, for the introduction -- a special guy. And he's doing a tremendous job in leadership of the VA. He's working every day to keep our promise to take care of our great veterans.
Now, I went all over Ohio, but I went all over almost every state, and the veterans were a very, very big topic for me. You know that. And I think what we're doing, it's never been done before. We just had a bill -- the VA Accountability bill. They've been trying to get it for many, many decades. They were unable to get it, and we got it. That means people are accountable. (Applause.) That means people are accountable for taking care of our vets. And if they don’t care proper care, we hold them accountable. So I think it's just great.
So, Secretary, thank you very much. I appreciate it.
I also want to recognize two veterans here with us who now serve the American people as members of our Cabinet -- Secretary Zinke and Secretary Perry. And we're going to be a net exporter of energy very shortly. Where is our Perry? Come here. (Applause.)
And Secretary of the Interior controls about, what, 22 percent of the entire United States. So when somebody thinks they're big landlords, they're actually very small compared to him. (Laughter.)
SECRETARY ZINKE: He's in real estate. He knows. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: It's great to be back in Youngstown. It was an incredible time we had. And you know the numbers, and you saw for many, many years Democrats -- and they're really great -- but Democrats, they win in Youngstown. But not this time. (Laughter and applause.) Right? They started to get a little nervous at the beginning of that evening when they see Youngstown seems to be going the other way. That hasn’t happened in a lot of decades.
And I hear we're doing better in the polls, even right now, than we were even on election night, in so many different places -- swing states, et cetera -- because they see what we're doing with jobs. The jobs are the best they've been in 17 years. The stock market hit another all-time high today. We're doing trade deals. And, you know, we have statutory length problems where you have to wait statutorily before you do them. But everybody has been put on notice.
We're renegotiating NAFTA. And if we don’t get the deal we want, we'll terminate NAFTA. NAFTA has been a disaster for Youngstown. It's been a disaster for Ohio. And people are coming back, if you look at Ohio. But if you look at Michigan and other places, the auto industry is starting to come back in a very, very big way. You see what's happening with coal. Coal is coming -- clean coal. We love clean coal. And it's coming back.
I especially want to thank John and Jan Brown whose leadership in AMVETS has improved the lives of so many. Thank you. Thank you. (Applause.) Thank you, John. Thank you, Jan. And they were with us right from the beginning, first time I was here. First time. We really appreciate it, Jan. Thank you very much. Is he a good husband? Or just average? (Laughter.)
MRS. BROWN: (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: I know he is.
To all the veterans with us this evening, we're here to honor you, to celebrate your service, and to thank you for your sacrifice. A grateful nation salutes you. And that's from the bottom of the President's heart -- a truly grateful nation salutes you.
All week at the White House, we are celebrating American heroes. And nothing fills our hearts with more pride than to be with those who risked everything to protect our citizens and preserve our way of life.
This evening, we're joined by veterans from every major engagement since World War II. You have crossed oceans, trekked deserts, scaled mountains, and cut your way through jungles to secure our nation and defend our people. And nobody -- throughout history, nobody has done it better than you.
You gave all that you have for our country and for victory. We love victory, don’t we? (Applause.) We haven't had enough victory, but we're having it now. We're seeing it. We're having it now. You carried out your duty with honor, courage and devotion. And with your sacrifice, you earned our freedom.
In my administration, we will always protect those who protect us. Believe me, we will protect you because you have protected us.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Thank you, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. I tell you, thank you very much. That includes reforming the Department of Veterans Affairs -- where David is doing such an incredible job -- so we can serve you as faithfully as you served our nation.
Since my first day in office, we’ve taken one action after another to make sure that our veterans get the care they so richly deserve. We’ve begun to process a -- seamlessly transferring veterans’ medical records. Horrible situation. You couldn’t get your medical records. And now it's so easy and so good. And the system is fixed, finally, after all of these years. (Applause.)
We’ve published wait times at every VA facility. I used to go around and talk about the veterans and they'd stand on line for nine days, seven days, four days -- that was a good one -- fifteen days. People that could have been given a prescription and been better right away end up dying waiting on line. That’s not happening anymore.
And we have choice. If that happens, you’re going to go out to the doctor. We’re going to have choice, David. And it seems so obvious to me. Even before I really got into the nitty-gritty of the VA, it just seemed like -- why would this great veteran, who protected us, stand on line for days and days and days and wait for a simple solution where it became a big problem because of those time delays.
And we are now doing choice. And you go out and you take care of it with a great doctor. Hopefully, you have a great doctor. If he’s not so good, you get another one, right? (Laughter.)
We’ve delivered same-day mental health services at every VA medical center. And so many of the veterans would come up to me during the campaign, and they really stressed how important the mental health aspect of what we’re doing is.
We have nearly doubled the number of veterans given approvals to see the doctor of their choice. So not only is it choice, but we’ve doubled up and now we’re going to be tripling up very shortly.
And, so importantly, I have signed new historic legislation to ensure that every single federal VA worker has to do what they have to do. They’re going to be held accountable. (Applause.)
The pushback on that bill was unbelievable. I said to myself, oh, that should be easy. And then I looked at 40 years of turmoil trying to get it through. And we won’t attack any particular group, but you understand why it was not easy to get through. Because some people didn’t want that. They wanted it to be that certain workers could do a horrible job. And most of the workers are great. And the doctors -- a lot of the doctors in the VA are phenomenal talents -- phenomenal. But now we’re going to be able to get to those doctors.
You've put America first every day of your lives, and now we have a VA that will truly put our veterans first -- veterans. Your stories are America’s stories, and your names are the names of true American heroes.
I’d like to honor one such hero who is with us tonight: Robert M. Bishop. (Applause.) He looks good.
Nearly 76 years ago, Bob was a gunner aboard the USS Tennessee in Pearl Harbor when the Japanese bombs struck the turrets of that once-great ship.
During the attack, Bob was below the deck at his battle station for four excruciating hours of fire and hell. Five of his crewmembers never made it off the ship, giving their last breath in this courageous and incredible service to our country.
Bob stayed with his ship after the attack. And once it was repaired -- which went, actually, much faster than it goes today, folks -- you’ll have to explain that one, folks. (Laughter.)
AUDIENCE MEMBER: And it cost less.
THE PRESIDENT: It cost a lot less. (Laughter.) He served on the Tennessee for another four-and-a-half years, fighting in some of the greatest engagements in the Pacific Ocean.
After World War II, Bob and his wife Doris moved back to Ohio. Good choice, Bob. That is a good choice. I love this state. Remember at the beginning, they always said, there is no victory without Ohio. Right, Mr. Chairman? Boy, did we win Ohio. Right? Remember? (Applause.) And it wasn’t like it was close. That was a -- that was a big one.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thank you very much. Where Bob served in the Navy Reserve and also worked in the steel industry for over 50 years. This year, Bob and Doris celebrated -- now, you’re going to have to explain this to me -- their 74th wedding anniversary. Wow. (Applause.) That is fantastic. That is so beautiful.
He’s been back to Pearl Harbor eight times to pay tribute to his comrades. And it is with his -- really, this great wish of his and the great wish of so many people that know Bob, that he will attend the 80th anniversary of Pearl Harbor on the eve of his 101st birthday. And if your party gets -- (applause) -- and Bob, if your party gets a little bit cheap with the money, I’ll pay for it, okay? (Applause.) Right? Right?
So, Bob, the depth of your love for the country -- you really inspire us all. Today, I’m truly honored to present you with a Certificate of Recognition for your heroic sacrifice, your lifetime of service, and your undying devotion to our great nation. Thank you, Bob.
Where is that beautiful certificate? Oh, nice frame. They never give me frames. They just give me the paper. I have to go out and get my own frame. It’s never great. Thank you, Bob. Thank you. Congratulations. (Applause.)
To every veteran here this evening, your courage is the strength of our nation, and your patriotism is the beating heart of our shared destiny. Your stories will inspire generations of Americans to fight and to win for our country and for our great, beautiful American flag that we all honor.
May God bless you. May God bless our veterans. And may God bless the United States of America. And thank you very much, it’s such an honor to be with you again. You are special people in a special state. Thank you. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
6:42 P.M. EDT3:24 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Please. I'm very happy to announce that, with zero of the Democrats' votes, the motion to proceed on healthcare has just passed, and now we move forward towards truly great healthcare for the American people. We look forward to that. This was a big step.
I want to thank Senator John McCain -- very brave man. He made a tough trip to get here and vote. So we want to thank Senator McCain and all of the Republicans. We passed it without one Democrat vote. And that's a shame but that's the way it is, and it's very unfortunate.
But I want to congratulate American people because we're going to give you great healthcare. And we're going to get rid of Obamacare which should have been, frankly, terminated long ago. It's been a disaster for the American people.
Thank you very much.
Good afternoon and thank you all for being here. It is my honor to welcome Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon to the White House.
The Prime Minister and I have just concluded an extensive conversation about the challenges and opportunities facing Lebanon and its neighbors. Lebanon is on the front lines in the fight against ISIS, Al Qaeda, and Hizballah. The Lebanese people, of all faiths, are working together to keep -- and you know this, and we've been discussing this at great length -- their country safe and prosperous. They love their country, and they're going to keep it safe and prosperous.
Mr. Prime Minister, I want to commend you and your people for standing up for humanity in a very troubled part of the world. The ties between our two countries stretch back more than a century. Long, long relationships.
In 1866, American missionaries founded the American University of Beirut. Now, more than 150 years later -- and with ongoing American support -- this university continues to educate generations of leaders in the region.
Today, our two countries seek to strengthen our relationship in many ways, including the pursuit of stability, mutual prosperity, and peace. What the Lebanese Armed Forces have accomplished in recent years is very impressive. In 2014, when ISIS tried to invade northern Lebanon, the Lebanese army beat them back. Since that time, the Lebanese army has been fighting continually to guard Lebanon's border and prevent ISIS and other terrorists -- of which there are many -- from gaining a foothold inside their country.
The United States military has been proud to help in that fight and will continue to do so. America's assistance can help ensure that the Lebanese army is the only defender Lebanon needs. It's a very effective fighting force.
Threats to the Lebanese people come from inside, as well. Hizballah is a menace to the Lebanese state, the Lebanese people, and the entire region. The group continues to increase its military arsenal, which threatens to start yet another conflict with Israel, constantly fighting them back.
With the support of Iran, the organization is also fueling the humanitarian catastrophe in Syria. Hizballah likes to portray itself as a defender of Lebanese interests, but it's very clear that its true interests are those of itself and its sponsor -- Iran.
I have repeatedly emphasized that Syria’s neighbors in the Middle East must take responsibility for helping Syrian refugees until they can return home and rebuild their country. The Lebanese people have led the way, accepting more Syrian refugees per capita than any other nation. It's not even close.
I want to thank the Prime Minister and the Lebanese people for giving shelter to those victimized by ISIS, the Assad regime, and their supporters and sponsors, and pledge our continued support to Lebanon.
Since the start of the Syrian crisis, the United States has helped Lebanon support Syrian refugees with clean water, food, shelter, and health care. Our approach, supporting the humanitarian needs of displaced Syrian citizens as close to their home country as possible, is the best way to help most people. America is proud to stand with those who have the courage to stand up to terrorism and take responsibility for affairs in their own region.
The reliance and resilience of the Lebanese people in the face of war and terror is extraordinary. We honor the citizens of Lebanon who are working to secure a future of peace, stability, and prosperity for their children.
Mr. Prime Minister, I'm grateful that you're here today. It's a big day in our country because of the vote that you just heard about. We stood and watched the results on television before coming out, and you found it very interesting, I hope --
PRIME MINISTER HARIRI: Yes, I did.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: -- and very important. I look forward to working with you to strengthen our partnership and the enduring friendship between the American and Lebanese peoples.
Thank you very much. Mr. Prime Minister.
PRIME MINISTER HARIRI: Thank you. Good afternoon. I had the honor and pleasure -- and the pleasure to hold a very good meeting with President Trump. I appreciate his leadership and the United States' leadership in the world today. We discussed the situation in our region and the efforts we, in Lebanon, are making to safeguard our political and economic stability, while combatting terrorism.
I thank President Trump for his support to our army and security agencies, as well as his support to maintaining peace and stability along our southern border, where our government is committed to the United Nations Security Council Resolution 1701, as well as all resolutions.
We also discussed the pressures Lebanon is facing as a result of 1.5 million Syrians displaced in our country. I outlined to President Trump my government's vision for dealing with this crisis with the support of the international community. We also discussed economic prospects in Lebanon and our government's effort to jumpstart inclusive economic growth with a particular emphasis on job creation.
I thank President Trump and the United States of America for their support to the Lebanese people, striving to keep their country a model of moderation, dialogue, coexistence, and democratic governance in our region.
Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much.
Margaret Talev, please.
Q Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Hello, Margaret.
Q Hi. Hi, Mr. President. Mr. Prime Minister, I'll have a question for you also in just a second, if you'll bear with me.
You spoke earlier today with The Wall Street Journal -- we've all seen those comments -- but I think everybody here probably is hoping that you could talk a little bit more about this. You have called your Attorney General "beleaguered." You have criticized his decision to recuse himself on the Russia matters. And your, kind of, catch-phrase or motto before the White House was, "You're fired." So I'm wondering if you would talk to us a little bit about whether you've lost confidence in Jeff Sessions, whether you want him to resign on his own, whether you're prepared to fire him if he doesn’t, and why you're sort of letting him twist in the wind rather than just making the call for him. Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I don’t think I am doing that, but I am disappointed in the Attorney General. He should not have recused himself almost immediately after he took office. And if he was going to recuse himself, he should have told me prior to taking office, and I would have, quite simply, picked somebody else. So I think that's a bad thing not for the President, but for the presidency. I think it's unfair to the presidency. And that's the way I feel. Thank you.
Q Thank you. Mr. Prime Minister, could you tell us what you think about the Saudi-led blockade of Qatar? This is something that has been of great concern to the U.S. also in terms of resolving. Do you think that Qatar is doing enough on terror? And if so, would you like to see President Trump increase the pressure on the Saudi coalition to ease its blockade?
And, Mr. President, if you would give us any more of your thinking on, going forward, the path with Attorney General Sessions, and maybe your timeline for making a decision, that would be great. Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: You don’t give up. That's okay.
PRIME MINISTER HARIRI: Thank you. I think there is an effort by the Kuwaitis. They're leading this effort. And I think they made some progress. We believe that dialogue is the best way in improving this relationship between Saudi Arabia and Qatar. I believe that maybe the United States also could help in solving this issue in the Gulf.
Denise (ph).
Q I have one question for the President and also for the Prime Minister. Congress introduced additional sanctions against Hizballah last week. What is your position towards these sanctions and on the role Hizballah is playing in the region and Syria?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I'll be making my position very clear over the next 24 hours. We're going to see what is exactly taking place. I have meetings with some of my very expert military representatives and others, so I'll be making that decision very shortly. Okay? Thank you.
Q And about its role in Syria and the region?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Whose role?
Q Hizballah's role.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I'll be talking about that tomorrow.
Q (No translation provided.)
PRIME MINISTER HARIRI: (No translation provided.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Blake Burman. Thank you. Hello, Blake.
Q President Trump, hello. Thank you. Indulge us here for a second. Just to pick up where Margaret left off, the American people I think would like to know: Do you feel that the Attorney General should indeed stay? Do you intend on firing him? Why should he remain as the Attorney General?
And, secondly, on a separate topic, with the healthcare vote that just came about, there is a still long ways to go. At what point do you feel that Republicans, if they can't get something done, should just say, you know what, we gave it a go, let's move on to tax reform instead? Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I want the Attorney General to be much tougher on the leaks from intelligence agencies, which are leaking like rarely have they ever leaked before, at a very important level. These are intelligence agencies. We cannot have that happen. You know many of my views in addition to that, but I think that's one of the very important things that they have to get on with.
I told you before, I'm very disappointed with the Attorney General, but we will see what happens. Time will tell. Time will tell.
On healthcare, I'm extremely happy that we got this vote. They say, if you look historically, this is the tough vote to get. Now we're all going to sit together and we're going to try and come up with something that's really spectacular. We have a lot of options, and a lot of great options. And the Republican senators really went out there. It's not easy when you have 52 senators and you have a bloc of 48 voting against you. No matter what it is, no matter how good it sounds, it's very hard to get the kind of numbers that we got. We ended up with 51 votes -- 51 to whatever. I don’t know what it is. Yeah, 51-50.
So we had two Republicans that went against us, which is very sad, I think. It's very, very sad -- for them. But I'm very, very happy with the result. I believe now we will, over the next week or two, come up with a plan that's going to be really, really wonderful for the American people.
Obamacare is a disaster. It's failing on every front. It's too expensive. It gives horrible coverage. It was gotten by a lie, 28 times. It was a lie. "You can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan" -- all lies. And the people are sick of it. And we're going to come up with a great healthcare that satisfies the needs of the people that we serve, which is the people of the United States.
I will say -- and I said it right at the beginning -- healthcare is always difficult because you have to weed a very, very narrow path, like a quarter of an inch wide, right down the middle. And if you go a little bit too far right, you lose three people on the left. And if you go a little bit too far left, you lose five people on the right. It is a very, very complex and difficult task, but it's something I actually know quite a bit about. I want to just thank some of the Republican senators, who were really fantastic in getting us here, in particular John McCain for making the trip.
But I think you're going to have a great healthcare. This is the beginning of the end for the disaster known as Obamacare.
Thank you very much.
Q Mr. President, how can the United States help Lebanon cope with the massive number of refugees -- of Syrian refugees? And is there a way you can help facilitate the refugees' return to their home country?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, we are helping. And one of the things that we have made tremendous strides at is getting rid of ISIS. We have generals that don’t like to talk; they like to do. And we were with General Mattis last night, and the success they've had against ISIS is extraordinary. We've made more progress in the last four or five months than previous -- really, I could say, the previous administration made in eight years.
And then we have to see what we have to see. But I will tell you, ISIS in Syria, ISIS in Iraq, ISIS in other locations -- we have made tremendous strides. Our military is an incredible fighting force. And as you know, I let the commanders on the ground do what they had to do. Before, they used to have to call in this beautiful house and speak to people that didn’t know what was happening -- where they were, what locations -- practically, probably never heard of the countries they were talking about, or the towns. I let the generals do what they had to do. And we have made tremendous plans. We were discussing it just before. We have made tremendous gains with respect to ISIS in Syria, Iraq, and other places.
Thank you.
Q What about Bashar al-Assad in Syria?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Assad?
Q Assad.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I'm not a fan of Assad, okay? He will tell you that, because we hit 58 out of 58, or, you could even say, 59 out of 59, when we launched the Tomahawk missiles.
No, I am not a fan of Assad. I certainly think that what he's done to that country and to humanity is horrible. So, I have been saying that for a long time. I am not somebody that will stand by and let him get away with what he tried to do. And he did it a number of times -- when President Obama drew the red line in the sand. And then he should have crossed that red line, because some horrible acts against humanity took place, including gas and the killing through gases. That was a bad day for this country. And I'd go a step further that, had President Obama gone across that line and done what he should have done, I don’t believe you'd have Russia and I don’t believe you'd have Iran to anywhere near the extent, and maybe not at all, in Syria today.
Thank you very much.
Q (No translation provided.)
PRIME MINISTER HARIRI: (No translation provided.)
Q (No translation provided.)
PRIME MINISTER HARIRI: (No translation provided.)
PRESDIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much, everybody. Appreciate it. Thank you.
PRIME MINISTER HARIRI: Thank you so much.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Mr. Prime Minister, thank you.
END
3:45 P.M. EDT2:07 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, it's great to have Prime Minister Hariri with us. We have watched the tremendous progress made in Lebanon; it's not easy. It's not easy. But he's fighting many fronts, and they've really developed great relationships with our representatives and with me. And Mr. Prime Minister, it's an honor to have you in the Oval Office.
PRIME MINISTER HARIRI: It's an honor to be here with you, Mr. President. And also, we're happy to make sure that this partnership that you have with fighting ISIS and all terrorism is ongoing. And we'll keep on the partnership, hopefully, for the best of the region. And I hope that in our talk we will have much more -- you know, much more talk about this issue.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We will. We will. Thank you all very much.
END
2:09 P.M. EDTSummit Bechtel National Scout Reserve
Glen Jean, West Virginia
6:32 P.M. EDT
AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA!
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. (Applause.) I am thrilled to be here. Thrilled. (Applause.) And if you think that was an easy trip, you’re wrong, but I am thrilled -- 19th Boy Scout Jamboree -- wow -- and to address such a tremendous group. Boy, you have a lot of people here. The press will say it’s about 200 people. (Laughter.) It looks like about 45,000 people. You set a record today. (Applause.) You set a record. That’s a great honor, believe me.
Tonight, we put aside all of the policy fights in Washington, D.C. -- you’ve been hearing about with the fake news and all of that. (Applause.) We’re going to put that aside. And instead we’re going to talk about success, about how all of you amazing young Scouts can achieve your dreams. What to think of -- what I’ve been thinking about -- you want to achieve your dreams. I said, who the hell wants to speak about politics when I’m in front of the Boy Scouts? Right? (Applause.)
There are many great honors that come with the job of being President of the United States, but looking out at this incredible gathering of mostly young patriots -- mostly young -- I’m especially proud to speak to you as the honorary President of the Boy Scouts of America. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA!
THE PRESIDENT: You are the young people of character and integrity who will serve as leaders in our communities, and uphold the sacred values of our nation.
I want to thank Boy Scouts President Randall Stephenson, Chief Scout Executive Michael Surbaugh, Jamboree Chairman Ralph de la Vega, and the thousands of volunteers who have made this a life-changing experience for all of you, and when they asked me to be here I said absolutely, yes. (Applause.)
Finally, and we can’t forget these people, I especially want to salute the moms and the dads and troop leaders who are here tonight. (Applause.) Thank you for making scouting possible. Thank you, mom and dad -- troop leaders.
When you volunteer for the Boy Scouts, you are not only shaping young lives, you are shaping the future of America. (Applause.) The United States has no better citizens than its Boy Scouts. (Applause.) No better. The values, traditions, and skills you learn here will serve you throughout your lives, and just as importantly they will serve your families, your cities, and in the future and in the present, will serve your country. (Applause.) The Scouts believe in putting America first. (Applause.)
You know, I go to Washington and I see all these politicians, and I see the swamp. And it’s not a good place. In fact today I said we ought to change it from the word swamp to the word cesspool or, perhaps, to the word sewer. But it’s not good. Not good. (Applause.) And I see what’s going on, and believe me I’d much rather be with you. That I can tell you. (Applause.)
I’ll tell you the reason that I love this and the reason that I really wanted to be here is because as President, I rely on former Boy Scouts every single day, and so do the American people. It’s amazing how many Boy Scouts we have at the highest level of our great government. Many of my top advisors in the White House were Scouts. Ten members of my cabinet were Scouts. Can you believe that? Ten. (Applause.)
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is not only a Boy Scout, he’s your former national president. (Applause.)
The Vice President of the United States, Mike Pence -- good guy -- was a Scout, and it meant so much to him. (Applause.) Some of you here tonight might even have camped out in this yard when Mike was the governor of Indiana, but the scouting was very, very important. And by the way, where are our Indiana Scouts tonight? (Applause.) I wonder if the television cameras will follow you. They don’t like doing that when they see these massive crowds. They don’t like doing that. Hi, folks. (Applause.) A lot of love in this big, beautiful place. A lot of love, and a lot of love for our country. There’s a lot of love for our country.
Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke is here tonight. Come here, Ryan. (Applause.) Ryan is an Eagle Scout from Big Sky Country in Montana. (Applause.) Pretty good. And by the way, he is doing a fantastic job. He makes sure that we leave our national parks and federal lands better than we found them, in the best Scouting tradition. So thank you very much, Ryan. (Applause.)
Secretary of Energy Rick Perry, of Texas, an Eagle Scout from the Great State. (Applause.) The first time he came to the national jamboree was in 1964. He was very young then. And Rick told me just a little while ago, it totally changed his life. So, Rick, thank you very much for being here. And we're doing a lot with energy. (Applause.)
And very soon, Rick, we will be an energy exporter. Isn’t that nice -- an energy exporter? (Applause.) In other words we’ll be selling our energy instead of buying it from everybody all over the globe. So that's good. (Applause.) We will be energy dominant. And I’ll tell you what, the folks in West Virginia who were so nice to me, boy, have we kept our promise. We are going on and on. So we love West Virginia. We want to thank you.
Where’s West Virginia by the way? (Applause.) Thank you.
Secretary Tom Price is also here. Today Dr. Price still lives the Scout Oath, helping to keep millions of Americans strong and healthy as our Secretary of Health and Human Services. And he’s doing a great job. And hopefully, he’s going to get the votes tomorrow to start our path toward killing this horrible thing known as Obamacare that's really hurting us, folks. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA!
THE PRESIDENT: By the way, you going to get the votes?
He better get them. He better get them. Oh, he better -- otherwise, I’ll say, Tom, you're fired. I’ll get somebody. (Applause.)
He better get Senator Capito to vote for it. You got to get the other senators to vote for it. It’s time. After seven years of saying repeal and replace Obamacare, we have a chance to now do it. They better do it. Hopefully they’ll do it.
As we can see just by looking at our government, in America, Scouts lead the way. And another thing I’ve noticed -- and I’ve noticed it all my life -- there is a tremendous spirit with being a Scout, more so than almost anything I can think of. So whatever is going on, keep doing it. It’s incredible to watch. Believe me. (Applause.)
Each of these leaders will tell you that their road to American success -- and you have to understand, their American success, and they are a great, great story was paved with the patriotic American values as traditions they learned in the Boy Scouts. And some day, many years from now, when you look back on all of the adventures in your lives, you will be able to say the same: I got my start as a Scout just like these incredibly great people that are doing such a good job for our country. So that's going to happen. (Applause.)
Boy Scout values are American values, and great Boy Scouts become great, great Americans. As the Scout Law says: “A Scout is trustworthy, loyal” -- we could use some more loyalty, I will tell you that.
AUDIENCE: “helpful, friendly, courteous, kind, obedient, cheerful, thrifty, brave, clean, and reverent.” (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: That was very impressive. (Laughter.) You've heard that before.
But here you learn the rewards of hard work and perseverance. Never ever give up, never quit. Persevere. Never, ever quit.
You learn the satisfaction of building a roaring campfire, reaching a mountain summit, or earning a merit badge after mastering a certain skill. There’s no better feeling than an achievement that you’ve earned with your own sweat, tears, resolve, hard work. There’s nothing like it. Do you agree with that?
AUDIENCE: Yes!
THE PRESIDENT: I’m waving to people back there so small I can't even see them. Man, this is a lot of people. Turn those cameras back there, please. That is so incredible.
By the way, what do you think the chances are that this incredible, massive crowd, record-setting is going to be shown on television tonight? One percent or zero? (Applause.)
The fake media will say: President Trump -- and you know what this is -- President Trump spoke before a small crowd of Boy Scouts today.
That's some -- that is some crowd. (Applause.)
Fake media. Fake news. Thank you. And I’m honored by that, by the way, all of you people they can't even see you. So thank you. I hope you can hear.
Through scouting you also learn to believe in yourselves -- so important -- to have confidence in your ability, and to take responsibility for your own life. When you face down new challenges, and you will have plenty of them, develop talents you never thought possible, and lead your teammates through daring trials, you discover that you can handle anything. And you learn it by being a scout. It’s great. (Applause.)
You can do anything. You can be anything you want to be. But in order to succeed, you must find out what you love to do. You have to find your passion. No matter what they tell you -- if you don't -- I love you, too. I don't know. It’s a nice guy. (Applause.) Hey, what am I going to do? He sounds like a nice person. He, he, he, he. Thank you. I do. I do love you.
AUDIENCE: We love Trump! We love Trump! We love Trump!
THE PRESIDENT: By the way, just a question, did President Obama ever come to a jamboree?
AUDIENCE: No!
THE PRESIDENT: And we’ll be back. We’ll be back. The answer is no, but we’ll be back.
In life, in order to be successful, and you people are well on the road to success, you have to find out what makes you excited. What makes you want to get up each morning and go to work? You have to find it.
If you love what you do and dedicate yourself to your work, then you will gain momentum, and look -- you have to, you need to. The word momentum -- you will gain that momentum, and each success will create another success. The word momentum.
I’ll tell you a story that’s very interesting for me when I was young. There was a man named William Levitt -- Levittowns, you have some here, you have some in different states. Anybody ever hear of Levittown? (Applause.) And he was a very successful man. He was a homebuilder -- became an unbelievable success, and got more and more successful. And he built homes, and at night he’d go to these major sites with teams of people and he’d scour the sites for nails and sawdust and small pieces of wood. And they’d clean the site so when the workers came in the next morning, the sites would be spotless and clean, and he did it properly. And he did this for 20 years, and then he was offered a lot of money for his company.
And he sold his company for a tremendous amount of money. At the time especially -- this was a long time ago -- sold his company for a tremendous amount of money. And he went out and bought a big yacht, and he had a very interesting life. I won’t go any more than that because you’re Boy Scouts, so I’m not going to tell you what he did.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE PRESIDENT: Should I tell you? Should I tell you?
AUDIENCE: Yes!
THE PRESIDENT: Oh, you’re Boy Scouts, but you know life. You know life. So -- look at you. Who would think this is the Boy Scouts, right?
So he had a very, very interesting life, and the company that bought his company was a big conglomerate. And they didn’t know anything about building homes, and they didn’t know anything about picking up the nails and the sawdust and selling it -- and the scraps of wood. This was a big conglomerate based in New York City, and after about a ten year period they were losing a lot with it. It didn’t mean anything to them, and they couldn’t sell it.
So they called William Levitt up and they said, would you like to buy back your company, and he said yes, I would. He so badly wanted it, he got bored with this life of yachts and sailing and all of the things he did in the south of France and other places. You won’t get bored, right? You know, truthfully, you’re workers. You’ll get bored too. Believe me. (Applause.) Of course, having a good few years like that isn’t so bad. (Applause.) But what happened is he bought back his company, and he bought back a lot of empty land. And he worked hard in getting it zoning, and he worked hard on starting to develop.
And in the end he failed, and he failed badly. Lost all of his money. He went personally bankrupt, and he was now much older. And I saw him at a cocktail party, and it was very sad because the hottest people in New York were at this party. It was the party of Steve Ross who was one of the great people -- he came up and discovered -- really founded -- Time Warner, and he was a great guy. He had a lot of successful people at the party.
And I was doing well so I got invited to the party. I was very young, and I go in -- but I’m in the real estate business -- and I see 100 people, some of whom I recognize and they’re big in the entertainment business. And I see, sitting in the corner, was a little old man who was all by himself. Nobody was talking to him. I immediately recognized that that man was the once great William Levitt of Levittown, and I immediately went over -- I wanted to talk to him more than the Hollywood show business communications people.
So I went over and talked to him, and I said, Mr. Levitt, I’m Donald Trump. He said I know. I said, Mr. Levitt, how are you doing? He goes, not well, not well at all. And I knew that, but he said not well at all. And he explained what was happening and how bad it has been and how hard it has been. And I said what exactly happened? Why did this happen to you? You’re one of the greats ever in our industry. Why did this happen to you? And he said, Donald, I lost my momentum. I lost my momentum. A word you never hear when you’re talking about success. When some of these guys that never made ten cents, they’re on television giving you things about how you’re going to be successful, and the only thing they ever did was a book and a tape.
But I’ll tell you, it was very sad, and I never forgot that moment. And I thought about it, and it’s exactly true. He lost his momentum. Meaning, he took this period of time off long -- years -- and then when he got back, he didn’t have that same momentum. In life, I always tell this to people, you have to know whether or not you continue to have the momentum, and if you don’t have it that’s okay. Because you’re going to go on and you’re going to learn and you’re going to do things that are great. But you have to know about the word momentum.
But the big thing: Never quit. Never give up. Do something you love. When you do something you love -- as a Scout I see that you love it. But when you do something that you love you’ll never fail. What you’re going to do is give it a shot again and again and again. You’re ultimately going to be successful, and remember this, you’re not working. Because when you’re doing something that you love like I do -- of course I love my business, but this is a little bit different. Who thought this was going to happen? We’re having a good time. We’re doing a good job. (Applause.) Doing a good job. But when you do something that you love, remember this, it’s not work.
So you’ll work 24/7, you’re going to work all the time, and at the end of a year you’re not really working. You don’t think of it as work. When you’re not doing something that you like or when you’re forced in to do something that you really don’t like, that’s called work. And it’s hard work and tedious work.
So as much as you can, do something that you love. Work hard, and never ever give up, and you’re going to be tremendously successful. Tremendously successful. (Applause.)
Now with that, I have to tell you our economy is doing great. Our stock market has picked up -- since the election November 8th. Do we remember that date? (Applause.) Was that a beautiful date? (Applause.) What a date. Do you remember that famous night on television, November 8th, where they said -- these dishonest people -- where they said there is no path to victory for Donald Trump? They forgot about the forgotten people. By the way, they're not forgetting about the forgotten people anymore. They're going crazy trying to figure it out. But I told them, far too late. It’s far too late.
But do you remember that incredible night with the maps and the Republicans are red and the Democrats are blue, and that map was so red, it was unbelievable, and they didn't know what to say? (Applause.)
And you know we have a tremendous disadvantage in the Electoral College -- popular vote is much easier. Because New York, California, Illinois -- you have to practically run the East Coast. And we did. We won Florida. We won South Carolina. We won North Carolina. We won Pennsylvania. (Applause.)
We won and won. So when they said, there is no way to victory, there is no way to 270. I went to Maine four times because it’s one vote, and we won. But we won -- one vote. I went there because I kept hearing we're at 269. But then Wisconsin came in. Many, many years -- Michigan came in.
And we worked hard there. My opponent didn't work hard there because she was told --
AUDIENCE: Booo!
THE PRESIDENT: She was told she was going to win Michigan, and I said, well, wait a minute, the car industry is moving to Mexico. Why is she going to move -- she’s there. Why are they allowing it to move?
And by the way, do you see those car industry -- do you see what’s happening, how they're coming back to Michigan? They're coming back to Ohio. They're starting to peel back in. (Applause.)
And we go to Wisconsin -- now, Wisconsin hadn’t been won in many, many years by a Republican. But we go to Wisconsin, and we had tremendous crowds. And I’d leave these massive crowds. I’d say, why are we going to lose this state?
The polls -- that's also fake news. They're fake polls. But the polls are saying -- but we won Wisconsin. (Applause.) So I have to tell you what we did, in all fairness, is an unbelievable tribute to you and all of the other millions and millions of people that came out and voted for Make America Great Again. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA!
THE PRESIDENT: And I’ll tell you what, we are, indeed, making America great again. What’s going on is incredible. (Applause.)
We had the best jobs report in 16 years. The stock market on a daily basis is hitting an all-time high. We're going to be bringing back very soon trillions of dollars from companies that can't get their money back into this country, and that money is going to be used to help rebuild America. We're doing things that nobody ever thought was possible.
And we've just started. It’s just the beginning. Believe me. (Applause.)
In the Boy Scouts you learn right from wrong, correct?
AUDIENCE: Yes!
THE PRESIDENT: You learn to contribute to your communities, to take pride in your nation, and to seek out opportunities to serve. You pledge to help other people at all times. (Applause.)
In the Scout Oath, you pledge on your honor to do your best and to do your duty to God and your country. (Applause.)
And by the way, under the Trump administration, you’ll be saying, merry Christmas again when you go shopping. Believe me. Merry Christmas. (Applause.)
They've been downplaying that little, beautiful phrase. You're going to be saying, merry Christmas again, folks. (Applause.)
But the words duty, country, and God are beautiful words. In other words, basically what you're doing is you're pledging to be a great American patriot. (Applause.)
For more than a century that is exactly what our Boy Scouts have been. Last year you gave more than 15 million hours of service to helping people in your communities. (Applause.)
Incredible. That's an incredible stat.
All of you here tonight will contribute more than 100,000 hours of service by the end of this jamboree -- 100,000. (Applause.)
When natural disaster strikes, when people face hardship, when the beauty and glory of our outdoor spaces must be restored and taken care of, America turns to the Boy Scouts because we know that the Boy Scouts never, ever, ever let us down. (Applause.)
Just like you know you can count on me, we know we can count on you because we know the values that you live by. (Applause.)
Your values are the same values that have always kept America strong, proud, and free. And by the way, do you see the billions and billions and billions of additional money that we're putting back into our military? Billions of dollars. (Applause.) New planes, new ships, great equipment for our people that are so great to us. We love our vets. We love our soldiers. And we love our police, by the way. Firemen, police -- we love our police. (Applause.) Those are all special people. Uniformed services.
Two days ago, I traveled to Norfolk, Virginia to commission an American aircraft carrier into the fleet of the United States Navy. (Applause.) It’s the newest, largest, and most advanced aircraft carrier anywhere in the world, and it’s named for an Eagle Scout, the USS Gerald R. Ford. (Applause.) Everywhere it sails, that great Scout’s name will be feared and revered, because that ship will be a symbol of American power, prestige, and strength. (Applause.)
Our nation honors President Gerald R. Ford today because he lived his life the scouting way. Boy Scouts celebrate American patriots, especially the brave members of our armed forces. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. (Applause.)
American hearts are warmed every year when we read about Boy Scouts placing thousands and thousands of flags next to veterans’ gravesites all across the country. By honoring our heroes, you help to ensure that their memory never, ever dies. You should take great pride in the example you set for every citizen of our country to follow. (Applause.)
Generations of American Boy Scouts have sworn the same oath and lived according to same law. You inherit a noble American tradition, and as you embark on your lives, never cease to be proud of who you are and the principles you hold dear and stand by. Wear your values as your badge of honor. What you've done, few have done before you. What you've done is incredible. What you've done is admired by all. So I want to congratulate you, Boy Scouts. (Applause.)
Let your scouting oath guide your path from this day forward. Remember your duty. Honor your history. Take care of the people God put into your life, and love and cherish your great country. (Applause.)
You are very special people. You're special in the lives of America. You're special to me. But if you do what we say, I promise you that you will live scouting’s adventure every single day of your life, and you will win, win, win and help people in doing so. (Applause.)
Your lives will have meaning and purpose and joy. You will become leaders, and you will inspire others to achieve the dreams they once thought were totally impossible, things that you said could never, ever happen are already happening for you. And if you do these things -- and if you refuse to give in to doubt or to fear -- then you will help to make America great again. You will be proud of yourself, be proud of the uniform you wear, and be proud of the country you love. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA!
THE PRESIDENT: And never, ever forget, America is proud of you. (Applause.)
This is a very, very special occasion for me. I’ve known so many Scouts over the years. Winners. I’ve known so many great people. They've been taught so well, and they love their heritage. But this is very special for me. And I just want to end by saying very importantly: God bless you. God bless the Boy Scouts. God bless the United States of America.
Go out. Have a great time in life. Compete and go out and show me that there is nobody -- nobody -- like a Boy Scout.
Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
END
7:10 P.M. EDTGerald R. Ford (CVN-78)
Newport News, Virginia
11:09 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, Secretary Mattis, for that wonderful introduction and for your devoted service to our nation. Nobody has done it like you. I'm thrilled to be back on this magnificent ship for this historic moment with the amazing men and women of the United States Navy. (Applause.)
I was with you four months ago, and I knew that I had to be here today, and I told you I'd be back to congratulate you and the crew and everybody involved on commissioning the newest, largest, and most advanced aircraft carrier in the history of this world. That's a big achievement.
After today, wherever this ship sails, you will all carry a proud title: plankowner of the USS Gerald R. Ford. (Applause.) For the rest of your lives, you'll be able to tell your friends and family that you served on the greatest ship in the United States Navy and, in my opinion, on the greatest ship anywhere in the world. Everyone should take a moment to celebrate this incredible achievement.
I want to thank the many public servants who have joined us here today: Treasury Secretary Mnuchin, Governor Snyder, Governor McAuliffe, Senator Wicker, and members of Congress, Secretary Stackley, Admiral Richardson, senior military leaders, and, of course, the great Captain McCormack. (Applause.)
Captain, I know you will exemplify integrity at the helm. And have a good time doing it, Captain. Proud of you.
Thanks to the entire Ford family -- Susan, Jack, Steve, and Mike -- for all that you've done to support this ship on its voyage. Thank you, Susan. (Applause.) Thank you.
I also want to recognize two other people who were very special to President Ford. Thank you, Vice President Cheney and former Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld. Thank you. (Applause.) They look great. They look great.
As we put this stunning ship into the service of our nation, we must also pay tribute to the thousands of citizens, military and civilian, who helped design and build her. Their love of country has been poured into every rivet and bulkhead on this vessel. You hammered, chiseled, and sculpted this mighty hull.
You were there when the first steel was cut, when the turbines first roared to life, and when those beautiful bronze propellers first began to spin -- and spin they did. And now you are here to witness the moment when your incredible work of art becomes the pride of the United States Navy and a symbol of American power and prestige, no matter where in the world you go.
American steel and American hands have constructed a 100,000-ton message to the world: American might is second to none, and we're getting bigger, and better, and stronger every day of my administration. That I can tell you. (Applause.)
Wherever this vessel cuts through the horizon, our allies will rest easy and our enemies will shake with fear because everyone will know that America is coming and America is coming strong. (Applause.)
To every worker from Newport News Shipbuilding and every craftsman and engineer who helped build this incredible fortress on the sea, today we salute you. Thank you. (Applause.)
Your skill and your grit build the instruments of war that preserve peace. This ship is the deterrent that keeps us from having to fight in the first place. But this ship also ensures that if a fight does come, it will always end the same way; we will win, win, win. We will never lose. We will win. (Applause.)
When it comes to battle, we don't want a fair fight. We want just the opposite. We demand victory, and we will have total victory, believe me. (Applause.)
Having the best technology and equipment is only one part of the American military dominance. Our true strength is our people. Our greatest weapon is all of you. Our nation endures because we have citizens who love America and who are willing to fight for America. (Applause.) We are so very blessed with warriors who are willing to serve America in the greatest fighting force in the history -- the United States military.
Today this ship officially begins its role in the noble military history of our great nation. In a few moments, I will commission this wonderful, beautiful, but very, very powerful warship. Captain McCormack will assume command. He will set the first watch, and then the crew of the Gerald R. Ford will man the ship and bring her to life. (Applause.)
A ship is only as good as the people who serve on it, and the American sailor is the best anywhere in the world. Among you are great welders, radar technicians, machine operators, and pilots. You take pride in your work and America takes pride in you. We love you. We are proud of you. Thank you. (Applause.)
But that is why it is so fitting that this ship is named after a sailor of tremendous character, integrity, and wisdom. You know that, Susan. Gerald Ford was raised in American heartland. He grew up in Grand Rapids and became an Eagle Scout. He played football at the University of Michigan on a team that won two national championships. And listen to this: On that great team, he was named MVP. Not bad.
He then went to Yale Law School, and after Pearl Harbor, he volunteered to serve. President Ford joined the Navy and asked to be sent to sea. He wanted to do that very badly. He never really knew why; he felt it was a calling. He was assigned to a new carrier -- the Monterey -- becoming a plankowner himself on its commissioning in 1943.
From there, he sailed to the Pacific and saw action -- and a lot of action -- in the Pacific War. Like so many others of his generation, Gerald Ford returned home and started a family. He ran for Congress, where he served the people of Michigan with honor for many years. From there, he became Vice President and then President of the United States of America.
With this ship, we honor him for his lifetime of selfless and distinguished service. We also remember his wife, Betty -- I remember her well -- and we honor the bravery she showed in living her life so that her experiences could help others. Susan, she was a great woman -- a great woman. (Applause.)
Gerald Ford said that his time in the Navy convinced him that our lack of military preparation before World War II has only encouraged our enemies to fight harder and harder and harder. He learned a lot. In the future, Ford said, I felt the United States had to be strong. Never again could we allow our military to be anything but the absolute best. If he could see this ship today, President Gerald Ford would see his vision brought to life, and he would see his legacy of service being carried on by each and every one of you. (Applause.)
Gerald Ford embodied American values like few others: love of family, love of freedom, and, most of all, love of country. He knew that patriotism is the heartbeat of a nation. He knew that we must love our country in order to protect it. And he knew that we must have pride in our history if we are going to have confidence in our future.
The men and women of America's Armed Services are part of a living history. You uphold timeless customs and traditions, and you protect our nation and our freedom for the next generation to come. You are fulfilling your duty to this nation, and now it is the job of our government to fulfill its duty to you. (Applause.)
For years, our government has subjected the military to unpredictable funding and a devastating defense sequester. You remember that? Sequester -- not good. This has led to deferred maintenance, a lack of investment in new equipment and technology, and a shortfall in military readiness. In other words, it's been a very, very bad period of time for our military. That is why we reached a deal to secure an additional $20 billion for defense this year -- and it's going up -- and why I asked Congress for another $54 billion for next year.
Now we need Congress to do its job and pass the budget that provides for higher, stable, and predictable funding levels for our military needs that our fighting men and women deserve -- and you will get, believe me. President Trump, I will tell you -- you will get it. Don't worry about it. But I don't mind getting a little hand, so call that congressman and call that senator and make sure you get it. (Applause.)
And by the way, you can also call those senators to make sure you get healthcare. (Applause.)
We must end the defense sequester once and for all. We must also reform defense acquisitions to ensure that we are getting the best equipment at the best prices so that our dollars are used only for the best interests of our country and those who serve. We do not want cost overruns. We want the best equipment, but we want it built ahead of schedule and we want it build under budget. (Applause.)
This is the very least we can do for the patriots who have volunteered to give their sweat, their blood, and, if they must, their very lives for our great nation. The commissioning of this new American carrier marks the renewal of our commitment to a future of American greatness. Greater than ever before, remember that -- greater than ever before.
Just moments from now, the Captain will set the first watch on the USS Gerald R. Ford and, with God's grace, a watch will stand until the day she is decommissioned 50 years or more from now.
Most of you who will man this ship today are just about 20 years old. Together, you are embarking on a truly great adventure. The journey will require all of your talents, all of your efforts, and all of your heart. As you know, the sea holds many challenges and threats. But starting today, you will face, together as a team aboard this ship, which is your responsibility and your home.
Three generations of Americans will eventually man these decks. Perhaps even some of your own children and grandchildren someday. You will inspire many more American patriots to follow your lead and to serve. And one day, when you are old and have lived a long and hopefully happy and successful life, you may find yourselves back aboard this ship surrounded by your family to mark its decommissioning. And on that day, our entire nation will honor not just this carrier, it will honor you and the role you will have played in keeping America safe, strong, and free.
To every patriot who will serve on this ship today and throughout history, I say this: Keep the watch, protect her, defend her, and love her. Good luck and Godspeed. Thank you to the Ford family, and thank you to every sailor in the greatest navy on Earth. God bless you, God bless the Gerald R. Ford, and God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much. God bless you all. (Applause.)
CAPTAIN MCCORMACK: Thank you, Mr. President. And I would be honored if you would place Gerald R. Ford in commission.
Will the guests please rise. Ship's company, attention.
THE PRESIDENT: I hereby place United States Ship Gerald R. Ford in commission. May God bless and guide this warship and all who shall sail in her. God bless you. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
11:27 A.M. EDTYour browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript:
My fellow Americans,
On Monday, I signed a Presidential Proclamation declaring this to be “Made in America Week.”
We believe that our country is stronger, safer, and more prosperous when we make more of our goods and our products right here in the USA. When we purchase products Made in America, the wealth, revenue and jobs all stay in our country – to be enjoyed by our people.
Since we first won our Independence, our Founders and many of our greatest leaders have promoted that we should afford a special level of protection to the products and goods manufactured within our borders. They understood that as a nation, we have common bonds with our fellow citizens and common obligations to each other. Making and buying made in America products brings us closer, and strengthens the ties that link us all together.
For too long, our government’s policies have punished production in America while rewarding and encouraging the movement of production overseas, which is totally ridiculous. The result has been the loss of numerous industries, the decimation of entire communities, and years of sluggish growth and flat wages.
Throughout American history, our nation’s best leaders have believed in the importance of protecting our domestic industry. This includes every President on Mount Rushmore.
George Washington encouraged Americans to produce their own goods so that our young nation could become truly independent.
Thomas Jefferson wrote that Americans should choose products made in America whenever possible – and by the way, I’m asking you to do that.
Abraham Lincoln warned that abandoning the policies that protect American industry would “produce want and ruin among our people.”
Theodore Roosevelt stated in his First message to Congress that “Reciprocity must be treated as the handmaiden of protection.”
James Monroe called on our nation to “cherish and sustain our manufacturers.”
James Garfield said of our nation’s manufacturers: “To them the country owes the splendor of the position it holds before the world.”
William McKinley believed that when America protects our workers and industries, we “open up a higher and better destiny for our people.”
And Calvin Coolidge stated that protecting American industry “enables our people to live according to a better standard… and receive a better rate of compensation than any people, anytime, anywhere on earth, ever enjoyed.”
We are now, under the Trump Administration, reclaiming our heritage as a manufacturing nation. We are fighting to provide a level playing field for American Workers and Industries. Other countries will cease taking advantage of us, believe me.
We are going to build works of beauty and wonder – with American hands, American grit, and American iron, aluminum, and steel.
No longer will we allow other countries to break the rules, steal our jobs, and drain our wealth. Instead, we will follow two simple but very crucial rules: We will buy American and we will hire American.
Already, we have created over a million new jobs this year – and doing even better than anticipated. We are just getting started – believe me, we are just getting started.
For every job that comes back to this country, and every factory that reopens, and every town that is revitalized, we aren’t just restoring American wealth, we are restoring American pride. We are restoring America’s future – a future where millions will be lifted from welfare to work, where children will grow up in safe and vibrant communities, and where our nation will stand stronger than ever before.
And most importantly, it will be a future in which you – our citizens – always come first.
Thank you, God bless you, and God bless America – we are truly making it great again.2:51 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Today it's my distinct privilege to welcome to the White House three of the five living survivors of the USS Arizona. This is their first time to our nation's capital -- Ken, Lauren, and Don. I hope this trip does honor to you and your truly heroic service and we wanted to thank you all. That is so good. Thank you very much. Thank you for giving me the nicest hardware, plus a beautiful patch. Thank you.
For these three World War II veterans, December 7th, 1941, the brutal attack on Pearl Harbor is forever seared into their memories. It's also seared into America's memory because, on that grim day, this mighty nation was roused to defend freedom itself.
Each of them has a harrowing story of courage to share. They tell us of the American spirit under fire, and of the will of our people to defeat threats to our nation and to the civilized world.
One of the heroes with us today is Ken Potts. Ken was on the shore at Pearl Harbor when the attack began. Rather than flee from the fire and the chaos, he drove his small boat into the blazing hot water. He climbed aboard the sinking Arizona, and he carried off passengers one by one.
Ken, it is an honor to meet you, an American hero whose love of our country and love of his brothers was greater than his concern for his own safety. And he paid a very big price. He's gone through life in a little bit worse condition than he could have but he was very, very happy that he did it.
We're deeply grateful that you are here today with us nearly 76 years after that December morning. You are a living witness to history and a living example of true American courage. Ken, how are you doing? Are you all right?
MR. POTTS: All right.
THE PRESIDENT: You doing good?
MR. POTTS: Yes.
THE PRESIDENT: You're feeling good?
MR. POTTS: Yes.
THE PRESIDENT: You better believe it. (Laughter.) He looks good to me. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Lauren Bruner and Donald Stratton are also with us. They were on the deck of the USS Arizona, doing their duty, when the ship was engulfed by massive, massive flames. They were both fortunate enough to be rescued by another courageous hero, Joe George, whose daughter, Joe Ann, is with us today.
Joe was in a boat next to the USS Arizona, and when he saw several men still standing, he hurled a rope onto the deck of the ship at tremendous risk to himself. Lauren and Don clung to that rope and, hand over hand, they crossed through the 70 feet of flames, burning endlessly.
The story of Lauren and Don's devotion and duty doesn't end there. Despite suffering terrible burns, still with them today, they both served in the Navy for years after, fighting in some of the greatest Pacific engagements in World War II. Lauren and Don, thank you very much for your lifetime of service and your lifetime of sacrifice. Thank you very much. Thank you.
MR. STRATTON: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Feel pretty good, right? How long have you been married? Have long are you together? Listen to this one, folks.
MR. STRATTON: Sixty-seven years. My wife.
THE PRESIDENT: That's a long time. That's beautiful. That's beautiful. Thank you.
MR. STRATTON: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: That is beautiful.
As Lauren and Don will tell you, they're here because one man, Joe George, stopped at nothing to save them. Joe George rescued six men that day. He is no longer with us, but he will always honor and remember a man -- we will always do this -- whose courage knew no limits. His name will go down in history -- very brave, very strong.
Joe Ann, your father makes us all proud. Thank you for inspiring our nation by telling the story of your father -- a true patriot; a well-known man; a man that goes down, really, in the history with the Arizona; and a total hero. Thank you very much.
MS. TAYLOR: We're very proud of him.
THE PRESIDENT: You should be, right? That's so nice. Thank you for being here. I think you loved him, right?
MS. TAYLOR: I loved him very much. And I know you understand because you have your daughters.
THE PRESIDENT: I do.
MS. TAYLOR: You understand the relationship.
THE PRESIDENT: That's true. Thank you, Joe Ann. Appreciate it.
There are many remarkable things that I witness as President, but nothing can take the place of meeting heroes like those with us today. In them we see the strength of our nation, the courage of our men and women in uniform, the resolve to never accept failure, and the belief that justice will always triumph and that the America -- and the America that we know and love -- the United States -- will always prevail. We will always prevail.
And by the way, we're building it up bigger -- you know this. We're building it up bigger and stronger and better than ever before. Our military is very proud again, aren't they?
LIEUTENANT PREVITS: That's right.
THE PRESIDENT: You see what's happening.
LIEUTENANT PREVITS: Indeed.
THE PRESIDENT: They look at the day's budget, and so they're seeing lots of ships, right? Lots of planes. Lots of great equipment.
LIEUTENANT PREVITS: Yes, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: Ken, Lauren, Don, and Joe Ann, I want to thank you for reminding us who we are, where we come from, and why we never, ever give up. Your story gives us all inspiration to do the right thing for our country, our countrymen, and for our God. Thank you very much for being here. Thank you very much. It's a great honor. Thank you. Thank you all.
Q Mr. President, what are you trying to accomplish with your staff shakeups today? Can you explain to us what you're trying to accomplish?
THE PRESIDENT: Make America great again.
You want to hear this, fellas? It's very interesting. Very interesting. Very beautiful statement. Very beautiful statement.
MR. STRATTON: All the people we met today and all the people who were lined along -- that we've been with, you could tell, with our military and everything, that this country is coming together again, and we're going to be there.
THE PRESIDENT: That's good. And now I know why you married this guy such a long time. (Laughter.) That's beautiful. Thank you.
I could never have said it that well, believe me. (Laughter.) Believe me. Thank you. That's so nice.
END
2:59 P.M. EDT3:05 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much. Very exciting -- and exciting times at the White House. A lot of things happening that are so great for our country. I want to welcome Made in America Week. This is what we call Made in America --right here, and they’re all here. Some of the great business minds, businesses geniuses. Congratulations fellas, that’s not a bad statement. (Laughter.)
But they’re right here with us, and I’ll tell you it’s an honor to have them. We’re continuing our celebration of American manufacturing, and it has been something very important to us -- Made in the USA, Made in America -- and our tribute to the skill, dedication, and grit of the American worker. We’re showcasing products from all around the country that are stamped with the beautiful letters "Made in the USA."
Today I’m proud to welcome three more great companies -- we’ve had quite a few wonderful companies -- a little smaller generally speaking than yours, but every company is smaller than yours when you get right down to it to it -- to the White House for really a major announcement which you’ll be hearing: Merck, Pfizer, and Corning.
These three companies are announcing that pharmaceutical glass packaging will now be made in America. That’s a big step. That’s a big statement. We’re very proud of that. Thank you very much, by the way. And I know they wouldn’t have done it under another administration. I feel confident.
These companies have formed a groundbreaking partnership to create thousands of American manufacturing jobs with this innovative new product. It’s an incredible product. Merck, Pfizer, and Corning are coming together to create an advanced pharmaceutical glass packaging operations, which include an immediate investment of at least $500 million and the creation of nearly 1,000 new jobs -- and quickly.
The initial investment will be spread across facilities in New York, New Jersey, and a new manufacturing plant in southeast of the United States -- they’re looking right now -- which Corning will be announcing in the coming months, and there’s some pretty good competition. I know they’re going to make a great deal.
Eventually, the companies here today expect a total investment in this initiative to reach at least $4 billion and create some 4,000 American jobs. And it’s very innovative on top of it.
This initiative will bring a key industry to our shores that for too long has been dominated by foreign countries. We’re moving more and more companies back into the United States, and they’re doing more and more of these products. And that would have been unheard of even a couple of years ago.
These companies have achieved a breakthrough in pharmaceutical glass technology that will be used to store and deliver injectable drugs and vials and cartridges. This technology is not only great for American jobs and manufacturing, it’s great for patients who now will have access to safer medicines and vaccines.
It’s also great for the healthcare workers who can administer the drugs -- makes it much, much safer for them and safely without having any problems and worrying about vial-breaking, which, as I understand, is a tremendous problem that we’re not going to have anymore.
I know that Secretary Price and the FDA are committed to working with innovative companies like these. We have tremendous excitement going on at the FDA. Amazing things are happening there, and I think we’re going to be announcing some of them over the next two months. We’re going to be streamlining, as we have in other industries, regulations so that advancements can reach patients quickly. You’re going to see a big streamlining -- I think you already have. To a large extent, you already have. Very proud of that.
I especially want to thank Ken Frazier, Ian Read, and Wendell Weeks -- so three of the great, great leaders of business in this country -- along with all the great people at Merck, Pfizer, and Corning for believing in America and the American workers. This announcement reflects a central theme of my administration that when we invest in America, it’s a win for our companies, our workers, and our nation as a whole.
Every day, we are fighting to bring back our jobs, to restore our industry, and to put America first or, as you’ve heard, make America great again. That’s exactly what we’re doing. Some people have heard that expression. It’s been fairly well-used, I think.
I want to thank you all for being here, and I want to thank you for your dedication to Made in America. Really appreciate it very much, and I’d like to have you say a few words. Come on up. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
3:10 P.M. EDT3:49 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, who's going to make the first presentation? I want to buy something. (Laughter.) But only if it's made in America, right? (Applause.) I want to thank you all.
And Michael was a supporter of ours right from the beginning, which I really appreciate. It's good to see you here. It's fantastic. And I actually bought a couple of pillows, and they're very good. I have to tell you, they're great. I've slept so much better ever since. (Laughter.) So, thank you very much, Michael.
Good afternoon and welcome to the White House. We're here today to continue our celebration of American manufacturing as part of Made in America Week. The leaders and innovators around this table create the products that fill our homes, defend our nation, and enrich our lives. And each one of these products proudly carries the label, Made in the USA. Do you remember in the old days? We used to say "Made in the USA." That was when we really had great pride in our product. And you do -- but unfortunately we've lost a little something, but we're gaining it back very quickly.
You see the stock market hit a new high? Jobs are the lowest they've been. Best jobs before we've had in, I think, 16 years. Unemployment numbers -- fantastic, how we're doing. But we're also going to take care of the 95 million people out there that aren’t working. And we have to remember that's not really part of the statistic. I've been talking about that for a long time.
And when we got those great reports, I kept saying, you know, those numbers -- whether it's 4.2, 4.3 -- I said, for a long time they don’t matter. But now I accept those numbers very proudly. I say they do matter. But we're doing very well with the jobs and the jobs reports, and we're doing very well with companies. We're really moving along.
From day one, my administration has been fighting to bring back our manufacturing jobs and to crack down on foreign countries that cheat. Got a lot of them. We will end the theft of American prosperity, and we will stand up for our companies, our factories, and our workers. Is that okay with you, Michael? Good? (Applause.)
Made in America is more than a label or a product, and it's just something so important to us. It's a stamp of excellence. It's a badge of honor and a tribute to the tremendous skill of the working men and women who design and build these incredible masterpieces and different products of all types.
When American workers have a level playing field, they cannot be beaten. They have not had a level playing field in a long time. But you see what's happening. It's step by step. We've gotten rid of regulations and a lot more are coming. We have some statutory requirements where we're not allowed to do it until certain dates. But they're coming as fast as those dates come. We've opened it up, and it's made a big difference for the farmer, for the homebuilder, for so many -- and for the manufacturers.
That's why we want to ensure the integrity of the Made in America label. My administration is committed to working with the private sector to ensure the protection of Made in America and the label through efforts like certification, greater transparency, and stricter enforcement efforts by agencies like the Federal Trade Commission.
We will have zero tolerance for illegal counterfeiting, piracy, theft, or intellectual property. And they, really -- they take our intellectual property like we're a bunch of babies. But no longer. And false claims that a product is made in America. And as time goes by, the value of Made in America is going to be greater and greater, so you're going to see more and more of this. There was a time when people didn’t want to use that name and they wouldn’t take that name. Now they're taking it, and that's because it's become -- we've become very proud of it again.
Around the world, the Made in America label is the gold standard for craftsmanship quality and artistry. And that is one more reason why we have to protect it. I mean, we have to protect it. Not for you, not for me, but for your children and for your grandchildren -- because that's what's happening. So we must protect it from illegal theft and from abuse.
The Made in America movement is growing rapidly under my administration, and we're more determined than ever to protect our jobs, our industry, and our workers. Every day we are putting America first. And, as you know, during our campaign, I had a slogan -- a few of you may have heard it -- it's called "Make America Great Again." Did you ever hear that slogan? I think so. (Applause.)
And I want to thank our great Michael. Thank you for being here, by the way. And Secretary Acosta is here. And you have done a fantastic job in a very short period of time. And I know you are going to say a few words, so why don’t you go ahead?
Thank you, Mr. Secretary.
SECRETARY ACOSTA: Mr. President, thank you. And thank you for your leadership. While we were waiting for you to walk in, we had short conversations. And I just wanted to tell you a few things that I heard from your guests here today. American workers are the best in the world. American workers are passionate. Made in America matters, because when products are made in America, Americans care about what they're doing, they care about their products because they know the product impacts American lives.
And so those are examples of what your guests here told me, and I think examples of why Made in America is so important to this nation, to the economy, and to this nation's workers.
And so thank you for your leadership on this issue.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. So what label do you like better -- Made in America or Made in the USA? Tell me. Think about it.
PARTICIPANT: USA.
THE PRESIDENT: Think about it. What do you like better? Made in America or Made in the USA?
PARTICIPANT: Made in USA.
THE PRESIDENT: What do you like? Secretary, how do you feel?
SECRETARY ACOSTA: I think Made in America is what we've been talking about. It's known throughout the world. And Made in America works.
THE PRESIDENT: It used to be Made in the USA, I think the label that was on a car. Do you know, they were telling me that in Czechoslovakia and other communist countries many years ago, they were so proud of a car if it was made in the United States. They used to take a single dollar and they'd Scotch-tape it up their windshield just to show an American dollar. And that was a long time ago, but that's what they used to do. And maybe somebody is going to be doing that in the future.
How do you feel, Michael? Made in the USA or Made in America?
MR. LINDELL: I feel Made in the USA. But you know, I've done both. My ads have all been done in the USA. It's the way I feel.
THE PRESIDENT: How many pillows did you make last year in the USA?
MR. LINDELL: 10 million.
THE PRESIDENT: It's nuts. I mean, can you imagine?
MR. LINDELL: 30 million so far.
THE PRESIDENT: 30 million since. That's fantastic. I know, it's amazing. I heard it's amazing.
Peter, what do you like?
PARTICIPANT: I love Made in America because it fits in with our Buy American and Hire American -- the two simple rules of the Trump administration.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay. What does the media like? Do you like Made in America or Made in the USA? Steve, what do you like -- Made in America or Made in the USA? Huh?
PARTICIPANT: Either way.
THE PRESIDENT: Either way. They're so quiet all of a sudden. (Laughter.) Well, you make your decision. I think, specifically, Made in the USA was what they had -- Made in the USA. But either is great. Or both. I mean, you could really go both. Although, I think we probably like to settle.
What do you like, Mike?
PARTICIPANT: I think Made in America. That's just what I've always thought. And to make America great again, you got to make it in America. And I like that.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, good. Very good. Are you going to show me some things? Let's go.
END
3:58 P.M. EDTEisenhower Executive Office Building
11:28 A.M. EDT
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Well, good morning. Please be seated. On behalf of the First Family, welcome to the White House. And welcome to the inaugural meeting of the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity.
Just over two months ago, on May the 11th, President Trump signed an executive order to create a commission to, in his words, help to “promote fair and honest federal elections” -- the foundation of our democracy.
Election integrity matters to every American. President Calvin Coolidge reminded us, in his words, that the “whole system of American government rests on the ballot box.” And President Reagan declared that the “right to vote is the crown jewel of American liberties.”
By establishing this commission, President Trump is taking action to ensure that the ballot box remains inviolate, and that the crown jewel shines brighter than ever before.
At the President’s direction, I'll have the honor to serve as chairman of this commission. And it's a privilege to convene this first meeting today. President Trump knows that the integrity of our electoral system transcends party lines, and I’m grateful this commission has brought together a distinguished group of bipartisan election experts and public officials from federal, state, and the local level. And together, this bipartisan group will perform a truly non-partisan service to the American people.
I'd especially like to recognize our vice-chairman, who you'll hear more from after the President's remarks, a man whose long service has established him as a national leader on election integrity, Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach. I also, as a point of personal privilege, would like to express my thanks and appreciation to Indian's Secretary of State, Connie Lawson, who joins us as a part of this panel.
President Trump knows that the principle of “one person, one vote” is foundational to the American system of democracy. This commission has been charged to study the registration and voting processes used in federal elections. The commission will identify the laws, rules, policies, activities, strategies, and practices that will enhance the American people’s confidence in the integrity of our electoral system. We'll also explore the vulnerabilities in our system that could lead to improper voter registration and even improper voting.
This commission, let me be clear -- this commission has no preconceived notions or preordained results. We’re fact-finders. And in the days ahead, we will gather the relevant facts and data, and at the conclusion of our work, we will present the President with a report of our findings.
I’m confident this commission will have a healthy and robust debate, but the President and I expect nothing less, because respectful debate is also a hallmark of our democracy. And I know that we'll find many areas of common ground, as well.
I’m pleased to report that the commission has already started its work, requesting publicly available data, and we are grateful for the more than 30 states that have already indicated their intention to provide this information, pursuant to the laws of their states.
Today is just the first of several meetings that the commission will hold in the coming months. Today we will hear from each of the commission’s members. Each of you brings a unique perspective based on your experience and your research, and we welcome your participation and your insights.
I’d like to note that our commission includes five current and former secretaries of state. And Secretary Kobach and I look forward to working with each one of you, as the chief election officers from across America, to foster a collaborative and respectful relationship for the benefit of your states’ voters and our nation’s electoral process.
And finally, as the Commission on Election Integrity begins its work, I'd like to personally invite the American people to offer their public comments and input on our work, and the challenges and opportunities that face our electoral system.
We want to hear the voice of the American voter -- because that’s really what this is all about. You know, it's the greatest privilege of my life to serve as Vice President to a President who cares so deeply about the integrity of America’s elections and the right of each and every American to see the sanctity of their vote protected.
This President knows that the success of our democracy depends on the American people’s confidence in this electoral system. And the President and I are both confident that this bipartisan commission will make the strongest democracy in the history of the world even stronger.
And so with gratitude for his commitment to fair and honest elections, it is my high honor and distinct privilege to introduce to all of you the 45th President of the United States of America, President Donald Trump.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Please, be seated. Mr. Vice President, distinguished guests, and members of the media: I’m honored to welcome you here today as the bipartisan Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity prepares to conduct its first official meeting. Very, very important.
This commission is tasked with the sacred duty of upholding the integrity of the ballot box and the principle of "one citizen, one vote." Every time voter fraud occurs, it cancels out the vote of a lawful citizen and undermines democracy. Can’t let that happen. Any form of illegal or fraudulent voting, whether by non-citizens or the deceased, and any form of voter suppression or intimidation must be stopped.
I’m pleased that more than 30 states have already agreed to share the information with the commission and the other states. That information will be forthcoming. If any state does not want to share this information, one has to wonder what they’re worried about. And I asked the Vice President, I asked the commission: What are they worried about? There’s something. There always is.
This issue is very important to me because, throughout the campaign and even after it, people would come up to me and express their concerns about voter inconsistencies and irregularities, which they saw. In some cases, having to do with very large numbers of people in certain states. All public officials have a profound responsibility to protect the integrity of the vote. We have no choice. If we want to make America great again, we have to protect the integrity of the vote and our voters.
This is not a Democrat or a Republican issue, it’s an American issue. It’s about the concern of so many Americans that improper voting has taken place and canceling out the votes of lawful American citizens. That is why President Theodore Roosevelt once said, it is the affair of every honest voter, wherever born, to see that no fraudulent voting is allowed anywhere.
I want to thank Vice President Pence for chairing the commission. I also want to thank Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach for serving as vice-chair. It's going to be a lot of work. They’re going to work very hard over a fairly short period of time. And I want to thank you both very much -- Kris, Mike.
This is a bipartisan panel consisting of both Republican and Democratic leaders and experts on voter integrity. I’d like to personally thank each of our panel members for serving. Really do appreciate it.
In addition to the chair and vice-chair, this distinguished bipartisan panel includes: Indiana Secretary of State Connie Lawson -- thank you; New Hampshire Secretary of State, Bill Gardner -- thank you; Maine Secretary of State, Matthew Dunlap; former Ohio Secretary of State, Ken Blackwell; Election Assistance Commissioner, Christy McCormick; former Arkansas State Representative, David Dunn -- thank you, David; Wood County West Virginia Clerk, Mark Rhoades; Heritage Foundation Senior Legal Fellow and Manager of the Election Law Reform Initiative -- a real expert -- Hans von Spakovsky; President and General Counsel of the Public Interest Legal Foundation -- great group -- J. Christian Adams; and Jefferson County, Alabama Probate Judge, Alan King. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Each of you has been entrusted with a great responsibility of helping to advance the cause of fair, honest, and lawful elections. Your work will help protect our democracy. This will be a very transparent process. It’s going to be very open for everybody to see. You will approach this important task with a very open mind and with no conclusions already drawn. You will fairly and objectively follow the facts wherever they may lead.
I look forward to the findings and recommendations your report will produce, and I share your report as soon as I can and as soon as possible with the American people so the full truth will be known and exposed, if necessary, in the light of day. We call on every state to give its full support and total cooperation in this effort. Most of them have really done brilliantly, and we appreciate it. And the rest, all of that information will be forthcoming.
Thank you very much, Mr. Vice President. Thank you. And, Kris, thank you. Panel, thank you very much. We appreciate it. Do a great job. Thank you. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you very much.
END
11:39 A.M. EDT12:35 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. I’m pleased to have Vice President Pence with us and four great soldiers who spent a lot of time in Afghanistan. And I’m going to be talking to you about Afghanistan -- what you think, your views. These are people on the ground -- know it probably better than anybody. You know it pretty well, right?
And we’re going to be getting some ideas because we’ve been there -- it’s our longest war -- we’ve been there for many years. We’ve been there for now close to 17 years, and I want to find out why we’ve been there for 17 years, how it’s going, and what we should do in terms of additional ideas. I’ve heard plenty of ideas from a lot of people, but I want to hear it from the people on the ground.
So this is actually a very important luncheon, and it’s a great honor to have you with us. And I look forward to the discussion. We’ll wait until the media leaves.
I want to thank you, folks. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Q Mr. President, are you angry at the Republicans who came out against your healthcare bill?
THE PRESIDENT: Disappointed. Very disappointed.
Q Is the healthcare bill dead?
THE PRESIDENT: I don’t think it’s dead, no. But I’m certainly disappointed. For seven years, I’ve been hearing "repeal and replace" from Congress, and I’ve been hearing it loud and strong. And then when we finally get a chance to repeal and replace, they don’t take advantage of it. So that’s disappointing.
So I’m very -- I would say I’m disappointed in what took place. We’ll go on and we’ll win -- we’re going to win on taxes, we’re going to win on infrastructure, and lots of other things that we’re doing. We’ve won and are winning the war, as you know, at the border. We are very much decimating ISIS. You can see that -- you see that better than anybody sees it -- the soldiers that are with us today.
We’ve had a lot of victories, but we haven’t had a victory on healthcare. We’re disappointed. I am very disappointed because, again, even as a civilian, for seven years I’ve been hearing about healthcare, and I’ve been hearing about repeal and replace. And Obamacare is a total disaster. Some states had over a 200 percent increase -- a 200 percent increase -- in their premiums, and their deductibles are through the roof. It’s an absolute disaster.
And I think you’ll also agree that I’ve been saying for a long time: Let Obamacare fail and then everybody is going to have to come together and fix it and come up with a new plan and a plan that’s really good for the people with much lower premiums, much lowers costs, and much better protection.
I’ve been saying that -- Mike, I think you’ll agree -- for a long time. Let Obamacare fail. It will be a lot easier. And I think we’re probably in that position where we’ll just let Obamacare fail. We’re not going to own it. I’m not going to own it. I can tell you, the Republicans are not going to own it. We’ll let Obamacare fail and then the Democrats are going to come to us, and they’re going to say, "How do we fix it? How do we fix it? Or how do we come up with a new plan?"
So we’ll see what happens. There’s some other things going on right now as we speak, but I am disappointed because, for so many years, I’ve been hearing repeal and replace. I’m sitting in the Oval Office, right next door, pen in hand, waiting to sign something, and I’ll be waiting. And eventually we’re going to get something done, and it’s going to be very good.
But Obamacare is a big failure, and it has to be changed. We have to go to a plan that works. We have to go to a much less expensive plan, in terms of premiums. And something will happen and it will be very good. It may not be as quick as we had hoped, but it’s going to happen.
Q Were the Republicans who came out against it disloyal?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, they were not disloyal, they had their own reasons. I was very surprised when the two folks came out last night, because we thought they were in fairly good shape, but they did. And, you know, everybody has their own reason.
But if you really think about it, you look at it, and we have 52 people -- we had no Democrat support, which is really something that should be said. We should have had Democrats voted. It's a great plan for a lot of people. We had no Democrat support. We have 52 people; we had four "No's." Now, we might have had another one somewhere in there. But essentially, the vote would have been pretty close to -- if you look at it -- 48-4. That's a pretty impressive vote by any standard. And yet you have a vote of 48-4, or something like that, and you need more -- that's pretty tough.
So the way I look at it is, in '18 we're going to have to get some more people elected. We have to go out and we have to get more people elected that are Republican. And we have to probably pull in those people -- those few people that voted against it. I don’t know, they're going to have to explain to you why they did, and I'm sure they'll have very fine reasons. But we have to get more Republicans elected because we have to get it done.
We passed it in the House. We would have gotten it very much -- yeah, you can't use his stand as a stand, right? We don’t want that to happen. You're messing with the wrong guy here.
So we want -- I think we're going to do very well, actually, in '18. I would be not surprised if something were done long before that. But in any event, because the margin is so small -- the majority margin is so small -- we're going to have to go out and get more Republicans elected in '18, and I'll be working very hard for that happen, okay?
It would be nice to have Democrat support, but, really, they're obstructionists. They have no ideas. They have no thought process. All they want to do is obstruct the government and obstruct, period. And, in this case, think of it -- so many good things. We didn’t get one vote. And their plan has failed.
And, by the way, Obamacare isn't failing -- it's failed. Done. So I think something is going to happen. We'll find out. Stay tuned. Thank you all very much.
Q Do you blame Mitch McConnell?
THE PRESIDENT: No.
END
12:41 P.M. EDTEast Room
3:54 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Mike. And you know, Mike, it is true that, as I walked through the halls, we saw so many great companies, but the gentleman who was in charge of Omaha Beef -- they do beef -- he hugged me, he wanted to kiss me so badly. (Laughter.) Because he said, our business is a whole different business now because you got China approved; the other administrations couldn’t even come close. And I told him, you know how long it took? One sentence. I said, President Xi, we’d love to sell beef back in China again. He said, you can do that. That was the end of that. Right? (Applause.) Sonny. The great Sonny Perdue. (Applause.) So we’re very happy.
But we’re here today to celebrate American manufacturing and to showcase the amazing products from all 50 states, made in the USA. Remember in the old days they used to have "Made in the USA", "Made in America"? But made in the USA. We’re going to start doing that again. We’re going to put that brand on our product because it means it’s the best.
In just a few months and moments, I will say what we’ve done over a short period of time and what we’re going to be doing over the next six months will be incredible.
We’ve signed more bills -- and I’m talking about through the legislature -- than any President ever. For a while, Harry Truman had us, and now I think we have everybody, Mike. I better say "think," otherwise they’ll give me a Pinocchio -- (laughter) -- and I don’t like those -- I don’t like Pinocchios. (Laughter.)
In just a few moments, I’ll be signing a Presidential Proclamation to launch “Made in America Week” and to make today “Made in America Day.”
We are thrilled to be joined today by so many incredible members of my Cabinet. Every member of my administration shares the same goal: to provide a level playing field for American workers and for American industry. (Applause.) And we are providing it much faster than other countries would like. So it’s been really a pleasure.
We want to build, create, and grow more products in our country using American labor, American goods, and American grit. When we purchase products made in the USA, the profits stay here, the revenue stays here, and the jobs -- maybe most importantly of all -- they stay right here in the USA. (Applause.)
In the audience today we have skilled workers, we have business leaders whose American-made goods we are proudly displaying all over the White House and outside. I saw fire engines. I saw tractors from Caterpillar. I saw some incredible machinery. Make it right here. We thank you for being here. We’re honored to showcase your creations. And I will say, they’ve really taken on, and some of you have built names that I know of for so long. And its -- congratulations. Right? You in particular. What a great job you’ve done. Thank you very much. And I saw you on television this morning. You were fantastic. I don’t know what you’re doing, exactly, but you could always have a second career. (Laughter.) You did a great job. Thank you very much.
American workers, farmers, and innovators are really the best in the world -- we know that. And what we’re doing [with] that is we’re displaying those talents. You construct and harvest the products that fill our homes, feed our families, and defend our nation, and enrich our lives. I want to make a pledge to each and every one of you: No longer are we going to allow other countries to break the rules, steal our jobs, and drain our wealth -- and it has been drained. It has been drained. (Applause.)
You’re going to see a lot of things happening over the next six months -- you know, statutorily and through a lot of different legal -- through the legal process. It takes a while to get it set so that you’re allowed to do it. You’re not allowed to do, but we’ve now mostly fulfilled all of that. And over the next short period of time, you’re going to see things announced that you won’t even believe for our country and for selling product in our country and making product in our country, and things that are great for American jobs. You’re going to be seeing that happening really quickly because we are totally set up, and the hard part now is done. It is a long, horrible process, but we’re going to also get rid of some of that process for the future. But we’re going to stand up for our companies and, maybe most importantly, for our workers.
For decades, Washington has allowed other nations to wipe out millions of American jobs through unfair trade practices. Wait until you see what’s up for you. You are going to be so happy. This painful exodus of American jobs -- and I’ve been talking about it for years -- was also marked by a period of sluggish growth, falling incomes, surging welfare, and shrinking participation in the workforce. Clearly, it’s time for a new policy -- one defined by two simple rules: We will buy American and we will hire American. Right, Governor? (Applause.)
My administration is removing the burdens and regulations on your companies so that you can compete, thrive, and grow. How many of you have noticed this so far? Because it’s a big, big difference, right? That’s a big, big difference. The people are coming up to me -- they can’t even believe it. We took the farmer’s land away. We took the homebuilder’s land away. They have their land back now, and they’re building homes and they’re farming their farms, and it’s a beautiful thing to see. And they’re so thankful.
So a lot of those regulations have been taken off; the rest are coming off. And, by the way, we will have better protection than we've ever had, but we’ll also have something where you don’t have to wait 15 years for a permit and then when you go to the board, you lose. And that’s a big portion of your life wiped out waiting for a permit. We’re not going to let that happen.
But for our nation to really prosper, we must lower the tax on business -- one of the highest in the world -- and we must repeal job-killing Obamacare. We have to do that. (Applause.) And I can tell you, we hope John McCain gets better very soon because we miss him. He’s a crusty voice in Washington. Plus, we need his vote. (Laughter.) And he’ll be back. And he will be back sooner than somebody else would be back. He’ll be back soon.
But we need that vote. And we need a number of votes because we do have to repeal Obamacare, and we will end up replacing it with something that is going to be outstanding -- far, far better than failing Obamacare where premiums have gone up, in some cases over 200 percent this year; where every single element of it is bad, and the insurance companies, by the way, are fleeing, so people have -- in some states you have no insurance companies.
And we have some governors here, and we have senators here, and we have congressmen here, and women -- and I will tell you, it’s a very, very hard time they’re having with the Obamacare situation. So we’re going to get that done, and I think we’re going to surprise a lot of people. But they’re pushing very hard. The Republican senators are great people, but they have a lot of different states. Some states need this, some states need that. But we’re getting it together, and it’s going to happen. Right, Mike?
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Yes, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: I think. (Laughter and applause.) And when it does happen, that will be a big day in America, believe me. A big day in America.
But we must also fight the unfair trade practices that have gutted our industry, and that includes cracking down on the predatory online sales of foreign goods, which is absolutely killing our shoppers and our shopping centers. If you look at what’s going on with shopping centers and stores and jobs in stores, it’s been very, very tough for them. They’ve had a very hard time. Closing at numbers and records that have never been seen before. So we have to stop that -- the online predatory practices.
Since the beginning of the year, we have already created over 50,000 brand-new manufacturing jobs, and we're just getting started. We will lift our citizens from welfare to work. We will turn boarded-up communities into new outposts of American commerce. And we will once again rediscover our heritage as a manufacturing nation. We used to be a manufacturing nation. Not so much anymore. But I will tell you, if you look at Michigan, if you look at some states that have really moved -- you know, in Pennsylvania, two weeks ago they opened the mine -- the first mine that was opened in decades. Opened a mine.
And you know all the people that were saying the mining jobs? Well, we picked up 45,000 mining jobs in a very short period of time. And everybody was saying, well, you won’t get any mining jobs. We picked up 45,000 mining jobs, and the miners are very happy with Trump and with Pence. And we're very proud of that. But that's just the beginning. We have jobs coming from all over.
Restoring American manufacturing will not only restore our wealth, it will restore our pride and pride in ourselves. It will revitalize our independence, and it will rebuild the bonds of kinship between our communities and our citizens, which has been lagging, wouldn’t you say?
For most of our nation’s history, American -- and we see this -- American Presidents have understood that in order to protect our economy and our security, we must protect our industry. And much of that comes at the border. George Washington encouraged Americans to produce their own goods so that our young nation could become truly independent.
President James Garfield said, of our nation’s manufacturers, that, “to them the country owes the splendor of the position it holds before the world” -- meaning, protect us.
Theodore Roosevelt declared in his first message to Congress that "reciprocity" -- my favorite word, reciprocity -- because we have countries that charge us 100 percent tax on a product, and when that product is sold by them to us, we brilliantly charge them nothing. And people say, oh, that's free trade. No, that's stupid trade. That's really stupid trade. (Applause.)
It’s incredible. You’ll actually have people who -- "No, we can't do that. That's free trade." It’s just -- that's so incredible, but what are you going to do. (Laughter.) Oh, what happens in Washington, you just wouldn’t believe the things.
But “reciprocity must be treated as the handmaiden of protection.” And William McKinley proclaimed that “we ought to take care of our own nation and her industries first.” We have to look at our nation first for a change. We've been looking the other way for a long, long time. And if you look at what’s going on or the success of other nations -- even in Europe -- you look at some of those countries, one in particular, it’s not fair to the United States.
And that's why I’m here, and I believe it’s one of the primary reasons you elected me and Mike. I mean, that's why we're here. And I think you're going to see a big, big -- I don't think -- I don't think -- I know you're going to see one of the great differences, and you're already seeing it, but it’s going to get more so and more so. And we're going to end up having a level playing field.
I don't want to say any more than level. But if the playing field were slanted like a little bit toward us, I’d accept that also. Okay? (Applause.)
So, once again, we will celebrate craftsmen, producers, and innovators like the incredible men and women in this room today. We will protect our workers, promote our industry, and be proud of our history because we will put America first. America will be first again. We will make America great again. Remember that. (Applause.) And we’ll meet in this same room in a year and in two years, and you’ll see what happened.
Thank you for all being here. God bless you and God bless America. Thank you very much. Thank you, thank you. (Applause.)
(The President moves to the signing desk.)
So this is being signed in honor of Made in America Day and Made in America Week, and soon we’re going to have Made in America Decades. We're going to have a lot of tremendous success, and it’s already just starting to kick in.
You see it with the job numbers. You see it with the stock market, which hit an all-time high every day for quite a while now. You see it with so many other things. And most importantly perhaps, you see it with the manufacturers. Their level of enthusiasm is greater now than at any time since they've been taking this type of poll, and I believe it’s 28 years old. So people are enthused. Are you all enthused? (Applause.)
Thank you all for being here.
(The document is signed.)
END
4:07 P.M. EDTYour browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript:
My fellow Americans,
Next week, the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the Obamacare disaster.
Obamacare has wreaked havoc on American lives, and if we don’t replace it, the calamity will only get worse – and I mean, get worse by a lot.
Here is just one story, representative of so many others.
Carrie Couey and her husband are cattle ranchers.
They have six children and the youngest is autistic.
Her family’s rates under Obamacare skyrocketed, eventually costing the Coueys three times more than their previous plan.
They were dropped from health insurance four times under Obamacare.
When I met with Carrie in March, she told us that her family couldn’t afford the equipment they needed to do the jobs while paying these crushing health insurance premiums.
Americans like Carrie and her family desperately need relief from this terrible, terrible law.
The Democrat politicians who passed Obamacare made many big promises – but they turned out to be lies – absolute, total lies.
They promised Obamacare would reduce premiums by $2,500 dollars.
Instead, premiums have skyrocketed by numbers that nobody can even believe – sometimes, many many thousands of dollars.
They promised that if you liked your plan, you could keep your plan – instead, millions of American families saw their plans cancelled.
They promised Obamacare would offer better options for American families, but in the past two years, half the insurance companies have pulled out and left the individual market – and today, Americans in one-third of all counties have only one insurer to choose from on the exchanges, and they probably, will shortly have no insurers at all.
The Senate health care bill stops the Obamacare disaster, expands choice, and drives down costs – and I want to tell you the Republican Senators are working very hard to get something that’s going to be really, really good – the opposite of the big lie which was Obamacare.
The bill will reduce premiums by 30 percent or more by 2020.
It allows states the freedom to escape even more of Obamacare’s rules and create innovative health care solutions for their citizens. In other words, we’ll be taking something away from the federal government and getting it back to the states, who can better provide and who know better what to do.
It provides generous funding for people with expensive health conditions, which will lower premiums in the individual market.
The bill doubles the amount that Americans can contribute to tax-free Health Savings Accounts and allows you to use those accounts to pay your premiums.
This plan provides states with the much-needed flexibility to better manage their Medicaid programs. It maintains Medicaid coverage for every single elderly American, disabled American, and American child who is currently on the program.
It also expands the opportunity for people on Medicaid to purchase a private plan with federal financial assistance.
And with these much needed, long-term reforms to strengthen the safety net for our neediest citizens, the Obamacare repeal and replace plan would significantly reduce the federal deficit. So it would be good for the federal government, it’ll cost you less money by a lot, and it will be a much better plan. You can’t do better than that.
When I ran for President, I made a commitment to the American people to repeal and replace Obamacare.
I am pleased to report that we are very, very close to ending this healthcare nightmare – we are so close.
The legislation working its way through Congress provides the choice and control people want, the affordability they need, and the quality they deserve in healthcare.
It’s a common sense approach that restores the sacred doctor-patient relationship. And you are going to finally have great healthcare at a lower price.
Thank you, God bless you, and God bless the United States of America.6:44 P.M. CET
PRESIDENT MACRON: (As interpreted.) Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. First and foremost, I want to thank President Trump for his visit to Paris this afternoon and tomorrow, tomorrow morning, as well as to thank his delegation. I was very pleased to be able to welcome President Trump and his spouse today. He accepted the invitation I extended a couple of weeks ago in order to invite him to join the ceremonies of the 14th of July, tomorrow.
I think it is both a symbol and very important that the President of the United States could be with us tomorrow on the occasion of our National Day, and attend a military parade, which will -- to which the American troops will take part. We will be also commemorating the 100th anniversary of the American troops joining World War I with the allies in France.
I think it is important because, beyond daily news, we live in countries with roots which are deeper and go further and beyond who we are. So the presence of President Trump was, in my eyes, not only natural, and I think it is also an excellent thing for the history of both our countries.
Earlier today, we started by sharing part of our joint history at the Invalides Museum, the Army Museum. Then we had a working session. And I shall say that I'm extremely pleased about it. We've been able to talk about a number of topics of joint interest, and we underlined a number of shared convictions and, most importantly, a joint roadmap in order to work together in the coming month.
We agreed to implement free and fair trade, and in the field -- and this is the G20, in Hamburg, also expressed in terms of sensitivity. We want to work together in order to implement some efficient measures to tackle dumping anywhere it is taking place in all the fields, by sharing the information that we have and making sure that both the European Union and the United States can take the necessary measures in order to protect within the context of free trade, but of fair, free trade that we can protect all over sectors of activities where we are active.
We then had a long discussion which enabled us to cover all of the topics of international policies and the challenges -- the security challenges for the people as well. When it comes to fighting terrorism, from day one I can say that we've seen eye to eye, and we are strongly determined to take any necessary measures in order to root out terrorism and to eradicate it no matter where, in particular the narrative on the Internet. We agreed to strengthen our action and our cooperation in fighting against propaganda.
We want to get all the major operators to limit the propaganda, and also tackle cyber criminality. These topics, I believe, are fundamental. And I do hope that we can strengthen the cooperation between both our countries. And it is with a lot of satisfaction that I heard from President Trump the very same approach. And our services will then, therefore, be working together in the coming weeks and months to have a solid action map for that.
Regarding the situation in Iraq and in Syria, here again we agreed to continue to work together, in particular in order to be able to launch together some diplomatic initiatives in order to put in place a roadmap for what will come after the war.
We talked about our role, our post-conflict role, but initially we want to put in place a contact group in order to be more efficient, in order to be able to support what is being done by the United Nations, in order to support a political roadmap, in particular for Syria after the war. It is important to put in place some inclusive political solutions for that period of time. We know where destabilization comes from. The roadmap will take care of that. We'll cover it. And we'll also ask our diplomats and our staff to work along those lines so that, in the coming weeks, some concrete initiatives can be taken. And they're supported by the P5.
We also share the same intentions regarding Libya. And like I told President Trump, I very much want to take a number of diplomatic initiatives, strong ones, given the situation that we know, and which requires more stability and better control over the region.
On Libya or the Sahel, I think I can say that we have the same vision, a very coherent understanding of the situation in the region, and the same willingness to act very clearly against any form of terrorism and destabilization.
Next, climate. Well, here we know what our disagreements are. We have expressed them on a number of occasions. But I think it is important that we can continue to talk about it. I very much respect the decision taken by President Trump. He will work upon implementing his campaign promises. And as far as I'm concerned, I remain attached to the Paris Accord, and we'll make sure that, step by step, we can do everything which is in the accord.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is in summary what we've been talking about. We will continue with a friendly tone and informal one this evening. Regarding trade and security for both our countries, the fight against terrorism, stability in the Near and Middle East, in Libya or in the Sahel, I can say that we have a shared determination. The United States is extremely involved in the Iraq War, and I would like to thank President Trump for everything that's been done by the American troops against this background. But I would like him to know that I am fully determined to act together with him in this respect -- fully determined.
I very much want both our countries in these matters to increase their cooperation in the coming month, because the threat we are facing is a global one. The enemies -- our enemies are trying to destabilize us by any way. And I believe that this is very much at the heart of the historic alliance between our two countries, and which fully justifies the presence of President Trump today and tomorrow in Paris.
Thank you. Thank you, dear Donald. Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well thank you very much, President Macron. And Melania and I are thrilled to join you and Mrs. Macron. This is a wonderful national celebration, and we look very much forward to it. It will be spectacular. Tomorrow -- Bastille Day.
We’re honored to be here in your beautiful country -- and it certainly is a beautiful country -- with its proud history and its magnificent people. And thank you for the tour of some of the most incredible buildings anywhere in the world. That was very, very -- a very beautiful thing to see. Thank you.
When the French people rose up and stormed the Bastille, it changed the course of human history. Our two nations are forever joined together by the spirit of revolution and the fight for freedom. France is America’s first and oldest ally. A lot of people don’t know that. Ever since General Lafayette joined the American fight for independence, our fates and fortunes have been tied unequivocally together. It was a longtime ago but we are together, and I think together, perhaps, more so than ever. The relationship is very good.
This visit also commemorates another milestone. One century ago, the United States entered World War I. And when the President called me, he had mentioned that fact -- 100 years ago, that was -- I said, Mr. President, I will be there. That’s a big, important date -- 100 years.
We remember the tens of thousands of Americans who gave their lives in that valiant and very difficult struggle. We also pay tribute to the heroic deeds of the French Troops whose courage at the Battle of Marne, and countless other battles, will never be forgotten by us. More than one million French soldiers laid down their lives in defense of liberty. Their sacrifice is an eternal tribute to France and to freedom. French and American patriots have fought together, bled together, and died together in the fight for our countries and our civilizations.
Today, we face new threats from rogue regimes like North Korea, Iran, and Syria, and the governments that finance and support them. We also face grave threats from terrorist organizations that wage war on innocent lives. Tomorrow will mark one year since a joyous Bastille Day celebration in Nice turned into a massacre. We all remember that, how horrible that was. We mourn the 86 lives that were stolen, and we pray for their loved ones. We also renew our resolve to stand united against these enemies of humanity and to strip them of their territory, their funding, their networks, and ideological support.
Today, President Macron and myself discussed how we can strengthen our vital security partnerships. We just had a meeting with our generals and our representatives, and it went very well. France has excellent counterterrorism capabilities. The French troops are serving bravely in places like Mali to defeat these forces of murder and destruction. The United States and our allies strengthen our commitments to defeat terrorism.
We’re also making tremendous progress. Earlier this week, with the strong support of the United States and the Global Coalition, Iraqi forces liberated the city of Mosul from ISIS control. Now we must work with the government of Iraq and our partners and allies in the region to consolidate the gains and ensure that the victory stays a victory, unlike the last time.
Last week, the G20 leaders also reaffirmed the right to sovereign nations to control their borders. We must be strong from within to defend ourselves from threats from the outside. The nations of the West also face domestic challenges of our own creation, including vast government bureaucracy that saps the strength from our economies and from our societies.
For this reason, I applaud President Macron on his courageous call for that “less bureaucracy” -- it’s a good chant -- "less bureaucracy," -- we can use it, too -- and a Europe that protects its citizens. We did not become great through regulation. And in the United States, Mr. President, we also have cut regulations at a level we’ve never seen before. So we’re very proud of that -- over the last six months -- but by allowing our people to follow their dreams. That’s what it’s all about. To achieve these dreams, however, we must also confront unfair trade practices that hurt our workers, and pursue trade deals that are reciprocal and fair.
Both President Macron and I understand our responsibility to prioritize the interests of our countries and, at the same time, to be respectful of the world in which we live. We live in a very complex world. We have to respect it. The United States remains committed to being a leader in environmental protection, while we advance energy security and economic growth.
The friendship between our two nations -- and ourselves, I might add -- is unbreakable. Our occasional disagreements are nothing compared to the immortal bonds of culture, destiny, and liberty that unite us. So strongly unite us, also. As long as we have pride in who we are, where we’ve come from, how we got here, and what we’ve achieved as free and democratic nations, then there is nothing we cannot accomplish together.
France helped us secure our independence. A lot of people forget. In the American Revolution, thousands of French soldiers fought alongside American troops so that, as Lafayette said, liberty would have a country. Ever since then, courageous heroes from both nations have fought for the same noble values and the same righteous cause.
Tomorrow, the French Tricolor will once again wave proudly alongside the American Stars and Stripes. Our brave soldiers will march side-by-side, and we will all be inspired to protect and cherish the birthright of freedom that our ancestors won for us with their sweat and with their blood.
President Macron, thank you for inviting Melania and myself to this historic celebration. And to you and your spectacular country: May God bless France and may God bless America.
Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. President.
PRESIDENT MACRON: (As interpreted.) Very well. I think we will be taking four questions.
Neither President Trump nor myself have a microphone. (Laughter.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: He's getting first question, President?
Q (As interpreted.) A question for President Macron regarding what you said on the occasion of the press conference together with Chancellor Merkel. Do you still hope that President Trump -- or did you still hope that President Trump could turn his mind regarding the Paris Accord?
And now, President Trump, is it possible for you to come back to the Paris Accord and change your mind?
Next, regarding your relation, how would you describe it today? What about the dinner tonight? Is it going to be a dinner between friends?
PRESIDENT MACRON: (As interpreted.) Well, regarding climate -- well, we have a number of disagreements, which are in particular due to the commitments taken by President Trump vis-à-vis his -- during the presidential campaign. So did I. I'm aware of the high importance that that is, but we therefore talked about our disagreement. And we actually discussed the matter even before President Trump reached the decision.
Next, should that have an impact on the discussions we are having on all other topics? No, absolutely not. This is the reason why we share the same views and some major common goals on many other topics or all other topics, which we've been discussing today, and we shall move forward together.
Next -- well, of course, President Trump will tell you about it, but he's made a number of commitments, and we're going to be working together, and my willingness to continue to work with the United States and the President on these very major topics. I understand that it's important to save jobs. That being said, we shall leave the United States of America work on what is its roadmap, and continue to talk about it.
So today there is nothing new, unprecedented, otherwise we would have told you about it. But I believe there is a joint willingness to continue to talk about this and try and find the best possible agreement. As far as I'm concerned, I remain extremely attached to the framework of the Paris Accord, which has been a major international breakthrough, and it is within that framework that I'm working on priorities, including for the European Union.
Lastly, as you know, I never very much want to comment who we are and what we are doing, personally. But I can tell you that this evening, at the Eiffel Tower, it will be a dinner between friends, because we are the representatives of two countries which have been allies forever and because we've been able to build a strong relation which is dear to me, because it matters a great deal for both countries. It will, therefore, give me great pleasure to have dinner together with you tonight.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I think that I can reiterate. We have a very good relationship, a good friendship. And we look forward to dinner tonight at the Eiffel Tower. That will be something special. And, yeah, I mean, something could happen with respect to the Paris Accord. We'll see what happens. But we will talk about that over the coming period of time. And if it happens, that will be wonderful. And if it doesn’t, that will be okay, too. But we'll see what happens.
But we did discuss many things today, including the ceasefire in Syria. We discussed the Ukraine. We discussed a lot of different topics. We briefly hit on the Paris Accord. And we'll see what happens.
Yes, ma'am. Go ahead.
Q Thank you. Merci, Mr. President. Mr. President, your FBI nominee said if someone in a campaign got an email about Russia, like the one that your son Don Jr. received, that they should alert the FBI rather than accept that meeting. Is he wrong? Also, were you misled by your team in not knowing about this meeting?
And, Mr. President, thank you very much. You have heard President Trump say that it may have been Russia, it may have been others who interfered with the U.S. election. Is President Trump taking a hard-enough line on Russia, as you see it? Merci.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I'll start off by saying, first of all, I believe that we will have a great FBI director. I think he's doing really well, and we're very proud of that choice. I think I've done a great service to the country by choosing him. He will make us all proud, and I think someday we'll see that -- and hopefully someday soon. So, we're very proud of him.
As far as my son is concerned, my son is a wonderful young man. He took a meeting with a Russian lawyer, not a government lawyer, but a Russian lawyer. It was a short meeting. It was a meeting that went very, very quickly, very fast. Two of the people in the room, they -- I guess one of them left almost immediately and the other one was not really focused on the meeting.
I do think this: I think from a practical standpoint, most people would have taken that meeting. It's called opposition research, or even research into your opponent. I've had many people -- I have only been in politics for two years, but I've had many people call up -- "Oh, gee, we have information on this factor or this person, or, frankly, Hillary." That's very standard in politics. Politics is not the nicest business in the world, but it's very standard where they have information and you take the information.
In the case of Don, he listened. I guess they talked about -- as I see it, they talked about adoption and some things. Adoption wasn’t even a part of the campaign. But nothing happened from the meeting. Zero happened from the meeting. And, honestly, I think the press made a very big deal over something that, really, a lot of people would do.
Now, the lawyer that went to the meeting, I see that she was in the halls of Congress, also. Somebody said that her visa or her passport to come into the country was approved by Attorney General Lynch. Now, maybe that's wrong. I just heard that a little while ago. But a little surprised to hear that. So she was here because of Lynch.
So, again, I have a son who's a great young man. He's a fine person. He took a meeting with a lawyer from Russia. It lasted for a very short period, and nothing came of the meeting. And I think it's a meeting that most people in politics probably would have taken.
Mr. President.
PRESIDENT MACRON: (In English.) Yes, to answer your question, I will not interfere in U.S. domestic policy. And I think it's always good between partners and allies not to interfere in others' domestic life.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: What a good answer that was. (Laughter.)
PRESIDENT MACRON: (In English.) And I do believe that both of us have a direct relationship with Russia. President Trump had more than two hours meeting with President Putin during this past G20. So that's -- I had two very long meetings with President Putin, the very first one in Versailles and the second one during the G20. And this relationship is very important. We have a lot of disagreements. We have a lot of discrepancies, obviously, with Russia. But in the current environment, especially in the Middle East, it's a necessity to work together, to work together, to exchange information, to share disagreements, and to try to build solutions.
So that’s my relationship with Russia. And we don’t have, obviously, the same relationship as the one with the U.S. But that’s a longstanding relationship with Russia as well, and I think it’s important that both of us have direct discussion and contact with President Putin.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: One of the great things that came out of that meeting, by the way -- even though it’s not part of the question -- was the fact that we got a ceasefire that now has lasted for, I guess, Mr. President, almost five days. And while five days doesn’t sound like a long period of time, in terms of a ceasefire in Syria, that’s a very long period of time. And that was a result of having communication with a country. So, during that five-day period, a lot of lives have been saved. A lot of people were not killed. No shots have been fired in a very, very dangerous part of the world, and this is one of the most dangerous parts of Syria itself.
So by having some communication and dialogue, we were able to have this ceasefire, and it’s going to go on for a while. And, frankly, we’re working on a second ceasefire in a very rough part of Syria. And if we get that and a few more, all of a sudden you’re going to have no bullets being fired in Syria. And that would be a wonderful thing.
Mr. President, you have a question.
PRESIDENT MACRON: (As interpreted.) Third question from BFN TV.
Q (As interpreted.) A question to President Macron. You went to Lausanne in order to support Paris’s bid for the Olympic Games, and on this occasion you somehow criticized President Trump’s policy without naming him. You said that France made a very clear choice to leave its border open and not to build walls to protect its people. Do you condemn the Muslim ban and the building of the wall between the United States and Mexico?
Regarding Syria, as it was just mentioned by President Trump, is France ready to talk directly with Bashar al-Assad in the negotiation that you mentioned?
(In English.) You’ve mentioned a friend, Jim, who told you that Paris is no longer Paris. You were implying at the time that Paris was not safe anymore. You’ve also said that France and Germany are infected by terrorism and “it’s their fault because they let people enter their territory.” Those are very strong words. Would you repeat them today? And do you still believe that France is not able to fight terrorism on its own territory? Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: You better let me answer that one first. That’s a beauty. (Laughter.) He’s the one that asked the question. That wasn’t even one of my picks.
You know what, it’s going to be just fine because you have a great President. You have somebody that’s going to run this country right. And I would be willing to bet -- because I think this is one of the great cities, one of the most beautiful cities in the world -- and you have a great leader now, you have a great President, you have a tough President. He’s not going to be easy on people that are breaking the laws and people that show this tremendous violence.
So I really have a feeling that you’re going to have a very, very peaceful and beautiful Paris, and I’m coming back. You better do a good job, please. (Laughter.) Otherwise you’re going to make me look very bad.
PRESIDENT MACRON: (In English.) And you’re always welcome.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you.
PRESIDENT MACRON: (As interpreted.) Regarding the first question, like I said, I believe that the discussions that we’ve had today is the proper answer to terrorism. The right answer is strengthen cooperation between our services and a never-ending fight against terrorists no matter where they are. This is what I was referring to, this is what we’re working on actively together.
So, in this respect, there is no difference and no gap between the French and the American positions. When I have something to say, I say it clearly, and I do say who I’m aiming at. And when I refer to those who have been my opponents in the French political battle, I also mention the names. So let us not mix up everything.
And regarding the fight against terrorism, I think the right approach is to have strengthened cooperation in the field of intelligence, is also to be working together on all the theaters of operation where we are. And I think that the decisions we’ve reached today will enable us to do more.
Next, your question regarding Bashar al-Assad, which is an important one. Let me put it simply: Indeed, we now have a new approach of Syria because we want some results and we want to be closely working together with our partners, including the United States of America. We have one main goal, which is to eradicate terrorism. No matter who they are, we want to build an inclusive and sustainable political solution. Against that background, I do not require Assad’s departure. This is no longer a prerequisite for France to work on that, because I can only tell you that, for seven years, we did not have an embassy in Damascus, and still we have no solution.
Next, we also have a common red line, together with President Trump. He intervened before I was elected, and I said it to President Putin after my election: No use whatsoever of chemical weapons. Any use will lead to reaction -- an attack against a reaction regarding the storage places.
Next, we also want humanitarian corridors. Also, we want to build a sustainable political stability for Syria. This is our roadmap. In order to stick to it, we need diplomatic initiative beyond our military actions. This is what we’ve been agreeing upon, because we want to take an initiative with the members of the Security Council and a number of countries involved in the process. Of course, there will be representatives of Assad that will enable us to put in place the roadmap for after the war, but there will also be representatives of the opposition and people with different backgrounds, and we will talk to all of them against that background.
One last question for an American journalist.
Q Thank you. (Inaudible) TV of China. (As interpreted.) For both Presidents: Mr. Macron, you had your first meeting with the Chinese President during the G20 Summit. What will France do? How will France cooperate with all of these areas with China? And what do you think personally of Mr. Xi Jinping?
(In English.) Mr. President, you have just met the Chinese President during the G20 Summit. How do you want to continue to work with China? And what do you personally think about Mr. Xi Jinping? Thank you very much.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, he’s a friend of mine. I have great respect for him. We’ve gotten to know each other very well. A great leader. He’s a very talented man. I think he’s a very good man. He loves China, I can tell you. He loves China. He wants to do what’s right for China.
We’ve asked him for some assistance with respect to North Korea. Probably, he could do a little bit more, but we’ll find out. We’re now working on some trade deals. He’s been very nice. He’s let, as you know, beef go back in, certain financing go back in, credit card financing, and various other things go back in at my request, which is a great thing for our farmers. A lot of good things are happening, but we’re going to be working on some very major trade components.
But President Xi is a terrific guy. I like being with him a lot, and he’s a very special person.
Okay, thank you.
PRESIDENT MACRON: (As interpreted.) I first talked to President Xi over the telephone, and then I got to meet him in the margin of the G20 Summit in Hamburg. Early next year I will be traveling to China. We’ve agreed to it. So I cannot say that he’s a friend of mine or that I know him very well because I very much want to say things as they are. But we had some initial contacts which were extremely fruitful and positive.
I have a lot of respect for President Xi, and I would like to say that over the past few months he did express his willingness to have a vision for multilateralism and wanted to commit himself on a number of topics. I think that many of us remember his words in Davos, and he there very strongly expressed his vision of the role of China. We have a number of joint commitments, including on climate. He’s very committed to that, and he told me that he wanted to do more in the field, and I can only be happy about it. He wants strong cooperation.
And like President Trump said, the trade issues and regarding the number of activities -- there are issues, there are differences, but a joint willingness to sort them out. And as permanent members of the Security Council, we want to work together on all of the topics we’ve been discussing today.
And China, in this respect, is a key partner in order to build peace all around the world, and I share what President Trump just said, that China is to play a very specific role regarding the rising tension, the growing tension with North Korea. It’s important that China can play fully its role in the region.
In summary, I think he is today one of the great leaders of our world, implementing a major and ambitious reform of China society and the economy in China. And therefore my willingness, in this respect as well, is to have strategic dialogue, the purpose of which is to continue to talk about the industry of -- civil nuclear industry, economic matters, and talk about any difficulties we may have together.
Very well. Allow me to thank you, ladies and gentlemen, and once again thank President Trump for his visit. And I will be seeing him in a few moments in a friendly atmosphere.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Great honor. Thank you.
END
7:20 P.M. CET3:51 P.M. CET
PRESIDENT XI: (No English translation provided.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you, Mr. President. And on behalf of the United States, I would like to just say that it's an honor to have gotten to know you. We are developing, and have developed, a wonderful relationship. I appreciate the things that you have done relevant to the very substantial problem that we all face in North Korea -- a problem that something has to be done about. And I'm sure that whether it's on trade or whether it's on North Korea, or any of the many things that we will be discussing, we will come to a successful conclusion.
Trade is, as you know, as very, very big issue for the United States now, because for years, and certainly over a long period of time, many things have happened that have led to trade imbalances. And we're going to turn that around. And I know that China in particular, which is a great trading partner, we will be able to do something that will be equitable and reciprocal.
As far as North Korea is concerned, we will have, eventually, success. It may take longer than I’d like. It may take longer than you'd like. But there will be success in the end one way or the other.
I want to thank you very much for inviting us. And again, it's an honor to get to know you and your wife, a really wonderful woman. And it's an honor to have you as a friend.
Thank you very much.
END 3:55 P.M. CET2:52 P.M. CET
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. It's a great honor to have with us the Prime Minister of Japan. And we have many things that we've been discussing and that we will continue to discuss right now and later on this afternoon.
We made a lot of progress on trade and other elements. We're also talking, obviously, about North Korea, and the problem and menace of North Korea. And the Prime Minister is -- I will say this -- very, very focused on what's going on with respect to North Korea. So we will continue those discussions, and we appreciate you being here.
Mr. Prime Minister
PRIME MINISTER ABE: (As interpreted.) So, at the very beginning of the G20 Summit this year, we actually made a great start to attend the trilateral summits among Japan, the U.S., and the Republic of Korea, which was kindly arranged by Donald. And I was very appreciative of your initiative to hold this trilateral summit. And also, as we are about to wrap up our discussions at the G20 Summit, it is a great pleasure for me to have our bilateral meeting with you.
As I look at the current situation, particularly the security environment in the Asia Pacific region, including North Korea, we believe that it has become increasingly severe. And against such backdrop, together with you, Donald, we would like to demonstrate the robust partnership as well as the bond between Japan and the United States on this occasion.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Thank you.
END 2:56 P.M. CETPRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much, everybody. The Prime Minister of Singapore -- we're very close, the relationship is very close, and we expect to do some excellent things together in many ways. And we have a very big relationship now. It will probably get much bigger. And I thank you very much. Thank you.
PRIME MINISTER LEE: Well, thank you, Mr. President. We have many things going on with the U.S. and we hope to do more under your administration.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Very good. I'm sure we will.
PRIME MINISTER LEE: Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.
Q Mr. President, what was going on with Macron and May? Sounded interesting. Looked interesting.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Great friends. Great friends.
END
12:48 P.M. CETPRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. It’s my great honor to have the President of Indonesia, a country that is doing extremely well -- and I would imagine a big part of that is leadership. Do you agree with that? (Laughter.)
We've become friends, and we're going to be doing a lot of deals together -- trade deals. We have our whole trade delegation here, and we will start doing a lot of trading with Indonesia. We do very little business, relatively, now. But we are going to do a lot of business.
So, Mr. President, it's a great honor to have you.
PRESIDENT WIDODO: Thank you for this meeting, President Trump. First and most importantly, I need to deliver to you warm greetings from your millions of fans in Indonesia. (Laughter.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you.
PRESIDENT WIDODO: They are only interested in one thing: When can they personally welcome you to Indonesia?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We'll get there. We'll get there. It's a place I'd like to go.
PRESIDENT WIDODO: I can get into serious trouble if I don't bring back some good news for your millions of fans in Indonesia. (Laughter.)
Second, I wanted to convey our sincere appreciation for Vice President Michael Pence visit to Jakarta --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: That's right. He did.
PRESIDENT WIDODO: -- three months ago. We really, really appreciate that your administration choose Indonesia as one of the four stops on your Vice President's tour around Asia.
Vice President Pence underlined the commitment of the USA to strengthen the strategic partnership with Indonesia. From our perspective, his visit was very, very successful. So once again, thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much.
END
11:07 A.M. CETHamburg Messe
Hamburg, Germany
10:02 A.M. CET
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Justin, thank you very much. We have a great neighbor in Canada, and Justin is doing a spectacular job in Canada. Everybody loves him, and they love him for all reasons. So, congratulations on the job you're doing.
And I want to thank also Chancellor Merkel for what she's done here. It's been really incredible the way things have been handled -- and nothing is easy -- but so professionally and without much interruption, despite quite a few people. And they seem to follow your G20s around. But you have been amazing and you have done a fantastic job. And thank you very much, Chancellor. Incredible. (Applause.)
I truly am glad and very proud to be here today to announce the historic initiative that will help transform millions of lives -- millions and millions. A lot of great, great women out there with tremendous entrepreneurial spirit and talent. And it will provide new hope to these women from countless communities all across the world. Women in both developing and developed countries represent tremendous promise for economic growth and prosperity.
When more women participate in the workforce -- which, by the way, will be a lot more competition for people like me, prior to becoming a politician. That's a lot of competition, talented competition. But the world economy will grow and millions and millions of people will be lifted out of poverty. Millions and millions of people, jobs.
The critical investments we're announcing today will help advance the economic empowerment of women around the world. As I said in Poland on Thursday -- and Poland was so terrific to me, and such great people -- empowering women is a core value that binds us together.
I'm very proud of my daughter, Ivanka -- always have been, from day one -- I had to tell you that, from day one. She's always been great. (Applause.) A champion. She's a champion. If she weren’t my daughter, it would be so much easier for her. (Laughter.) Might be the only bad thing she has going, if you want to know the truth. But I'm very proud of Ivanka who has been a forceful advocate for landmark women entrepreneurs. And she worked very hard for the women entrepreneurs finance initiative.
So I want to thank you, Ivanka, for all of the great work you do in so many ways, in addition to great work you've done over the last few weeks and months working so hard to help everybody. You're helping the Chancellor, but you're helping women all over the world. And I want to thank you. Thank you very much.
I also want to thank World Bank President, my friend -- ah, Kim. (Laughter.) Great guy. Really great guy. I might have even appointed him, but I didn’t. He'd be a great appointment. And the founding donor countries for their generous support. We've had tremendous support from so many countries.
Chancellor Merkel and Ivanka, this is a vision that really has now become a reality, a very strong and funded reality. Thank you for all your efforts and your dedication to this very critical issue. And I love it because so many jobs, even beyond women -- the women will be creating tremendous initiatives and businesses, and that means jobs for people.
We applaud everyone involved in this wonderful and meaningful project. And President Kim told me just recently that this is one of the most significant fundraising efforts for women entrepreneurs that has ever happened in history. And I think there's really nothing even close. So that's a really great achievement.
And I'm pleased to announce today that our administration will also make a substantial contribution. And around the world, women face numerous barriers running their own businesses, including access to capital and, maybe almost as importantly, access to mentors. The facility will help remove these barriers and open up doors of opportunity so women may live and work to their full potential. And I know what that potential is -- it's unlimited.
By investing in women around the world, we've investing in families, we're investing in prosperity, and we're investing in peace.
With a $50 million commitment, the United States will continue to lead the world stage in developing policies to empower women financially in our modern economy.
So I just want to congratulate everybody. This has been a really difficult one. But once it got going, it was about women, and it just took off beyond what anybody thought.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank everybody here. And, Chancellor, thank you very much. Your leadership is absolutely incredible and very inspiring. Thank you very much, everybody. (Applause.)
END 10:07 A.M. CET9:02 A.M. CET
PRIME MINISTER MAY: (In progress.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, we had a great group of people together, and really done a fantastic job together.
I'd like to thank Prime Minister May for being with us. We've had tremendous talks. There is no country that could possibly be closer than our countries. And I just want to say thank you very much. We are working on a trade deal -- a very, very big deal, a very powerful deal. Great for both countries. And I think we'll have that done very, very quickly. We have all of our trade people. We have Wilbur Ross with us. We have all of the trade people.
Rex and I had a tremendous meeting yesterday with President Putin, and we've had really great meetings with a lot of people. We're having a lot today. But Prime Minister May and I have developed a very special relationship, and I think trade will be a very big factor between our two countries. I want to thank you very much.
Q Will you be going to London?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I will be going to London, yes.
Q When will you be going, sir?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We'll work that out. We will be going to London. We'll be going to London
END 9:05 A.M. CETYour browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript:
My fellow Americans,
Here at the White House, we are dedicating the month of July to three of our favorite words – MADE IN AMERICA. For more than two centuries, those three beautiful words have been the world standard for quality, craftsmanship and excellence – and they still are today.
As President, one of my highest priorities is to restore American Manufacturing. For decades, American jobs have been ripped out of our communities, industries and towns have been stripped bare, and the entire communities have been uprooted and left. Foreign nations got rich at America’s expense – and many special interests profited from this great global theft of American wealth.
Since taking the oath of office, our government has adopted a new philosophy: AMERICA FIRST – and believe me, it’s about time. The era of economic surrender is over – and a new national pride is sweeping across our land. You see it, I see it, we all see it.
Industry confidence has soared to the highest level ever recorded.
One of my first acts was ordering all federal agencies to enforce two simple rules: Buy American, and Hire American. We want to build with American Workers, and with American Iron, Aluminum and Steel.
We are also tearing down every possible barrier to domestic energy production to unleash the full power of our economy. The American people will finally be allowed to tap into the vast energy wealth sitting right beneath our feet or right below our shores.
We have also sent a clear message to the world that we will not allow other nations to take advantage of us any longer.
That’s why I withdrew from the one-sided Paris Climate Accord – and believe me, it was one-sided. Not a good deal for our country. And the job-killing Trans Pacific Partnership, and that’s why we are pursuing a total renegotiation of NAFTA and if we don’t get it, we will terminate – that is end NAFTA forever.
Every other nation on earth protects its own interests. America is finally going to do the same.
And as we continue to fight for American workers and industry, it won’t be long before we see the Made in America label proudly displayed on thousands of new products all across this great land and exported all around the world.
Thank you, God bless you, God bless America. We are all doing a job, we are working very hard. It will be America First. It will be Make America Great Again. It’s happening.PRESIDENT TRUMP: It's great to be with my friend, the President of Mexico. And we're negotiating NAFTA and some other things with Mexico, and we'll see how it all turns out. But I think we've made very good progress.
So, it's great to be with you. Thank you.
PRESIDENT PEÑA NIETO: (As interpreted.) Thank you very much. I want to thank you for opening this space that I have with President Donald Trump. I have truly (inaudible) help us continue a very flowing dialogue that will allow us, of course, for the negotiation of NAFTA; to continue working in terms of cooperation, especially for security, for the security of both nations, especially in our borders; and, of course, also working on migration issues, which is a task that both of our nations are occupied, and our administrations are occupied with this issue as well. And, of course, something that both of our administrations have taken upon ourselves to really admit, that is in a co-responsible manner to (inaudible) organized crime issues.
Thank you so much for this space of opportunity.
END
2:52 P.M. CETKrasiński Square
Warsaw, Poland
1:16 P.M. CEST
MRS. TRUMP: Hello, Poland! Thank you very much. My husband and I have enjoyed visiting your beautiful country. I want to thank President and Mrs. Duda for the warm welcome and their generous hospitality. I had the opportunity to visit the Copernicus Science Centre today, and found it not only informative but thoughtful, its mission, which is to inspire people to observe, experiment, ask questions, and seek answers.
I can think of no better purpose for such a wonderful science center. Thank you to all who were involved in giving us the tour, especially the children who made it such a wonderful experience.
As many of you know, a main focus of my husband's presidency is safety and security of the American people. I think all of us can agree people should be able to live their lives without fear, no matter what country they live in. That is my wish for all of us around the world. (Applause.)
Thank you again for this wonderful welcome to your very special country. Your kindness and gracious hospitality will not be forgotten. (Applause.)
And now it is my honor to introduce to you my husband, the President of the United States, Donald J. Trump. (Applause.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. That's so nice. The United States has many great diplomats, but there is truly no better ambassador for our country than our beautiful First Lady, Melania. Thank you, Melania. That was very nice. (Applause.)
We've come to your nation to deliver a very important message: America loves Poland, and America loves the Polish people. (Applause.) Thank you.
The Poles have not only greatly enriched this region, but Polish-Americans have also greatly enriched the United States, and I was truly proud to have their support in the 2016 election. (Applause.)
It is a profound honor to stand in this city, by this monument to the Warsaw Uprising, and to address the Polish nation that so many generations have dreamed of: a Poland that is safe, strong, and free. (Applause.)
President Duda and your wonderful First Lady, Agata, have welcomed us with the tremendous warmth and kindness for which Poland is known around the world. Thank you. (Applause.) My sincere -- and I mean sincerely thank both of them. And to Prime Minister Syzdlo, a very special thanks also. (Applause.)
We are also pleased that former President Lech Walesa, so famous for leading the Solidarity Movement, has joined us today, also. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
On behalf of all Americans, let me also thank the entire Polish people for the generosity you have shown in welcoming our soldiers to your country. These soldiers are not only brave defenders of freedom, but also symbols of America’s commitment to your security and your place in a strong and democratic Europe.
We are proudly joined on stage by American, Polish, British, and Romanian soldiers. Thank you. (Applause.) Thank you. Great job.
President Duda and I have just come from an incredibly successful meeting with the leaders participating in the Three Seas Initiative. To the citizens of this great region, America is eager to expand our partnership with you. We welcome stronger ties of trade and commerce as you grow your economies. And we are committed to securing your access to alternate sources of energy, so Poland and its neighbors are never again held hostage to a single supplier of energy. (Applause.)
Mr. President, I congratulate you, along with the President of Croatia, on your leadership of this historic Three Seas Initiative. Thank you. (Applause.)
This is my first visit to Central Europe as President, and I am thrilled that it could be right here at this magnificent, beautiful piece of land. It is beautiful. (Applause.) Poland is the geographic heart of Europe, but more importantly, in the Polish people, we see the soul of Europe. Your nation is great because your spirit is great and your spirit is strong. (Applause.)
For two centuries, Poland suffered constant and brutal attacks. But while Poland could be invaded and occupied, and its borders even erased from the map, it could never be erased from history or from your hearts. In those dark days, you have lost your land but you never lost your pride. (Applause.)
So it is with true admiration that I can say today, that from the farms and villages of your countryside to the cathedrals and squares of your great cities, Poland lives, Poland prospers, and Poland prevails. (Applause.)
Despite every effort to transform you, oppress you, or destroy you, you endured and overcame. You are the proud nation of Copernicus -- think of that -- (applause) -- Chopin, Saint John Paul II. Poland is a land of great heroes. (Applause.) And you are a people who know the true value of what you defend.
The triumph of the Polish spirit over centuries of hardship gives us all hope for a future in which good conquers evil, and peace achieves victory over war.
For Americans, Poland has been a symbol of hope since the beginning of our nation. Polish heroes and American patriots fought side by side in our War of Independence and in many wars that followed. Our soldiers still serve together today in Afghanistan and Iraq, combatting the enemies of all civilization.
For America’s part, we have never given up on freedom and independence as the right and destiny of the Polish people, and we never, ever will. (Applause.)
Our two countries share a special bond forged by unique histories and national characters. It’s a fellowship that exists only among people who have fought and bled and died for freedom. (Applause.)
The signs of this friendship stand in our nation’s capital. Just steps from the White House, we’ve raised statues of men with names like Pułaski and Kościuszko. (Applause.) The same is true in Warsaw, where street signs carry the name of George Washington, and a monument stands to one of the world’s greatest heroes, Ronald Reagan. (Applause.)
And so I am here today not just to visit an old ally, but to hold it up as an example for others who seek freedom and who wish to summon the courage and the will to defend our civilization. (Applause.) The story of Poland is the story of a people who have never lost hope, who have never been broken, and who have never, ever forgotten who they are. (Applause)
AUDIENCE: Donald Trump! Donald Trump! Donald Trump!
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you so much. Such a great honor. This is a nation more than one thousand years old. Your borders were erased for more than a century and only restored just one century ago.
In 1920, in the Miracle of Vistula, Poland stopped the Soviet army bent on European conquest. (Applause.) Then, 19 years later in 1939, you were invaded yet again, this time by Nazi Germany from the west and the Soviet Union from the east. That’s trouble. That’s tough.
Under a double occupation the Polish people endured evils beyond description: the Katyn forest massacre, the occupations, the Holocaust, the Warsaw Ghetto and the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising, the destruction of this beautiful capital city, and the deaths of nearly one in five Polish people. A vibrant Jewish population -- the largest in Europe -- was reduced to almost nothing after the Nazis systematically murdered millions of Poland’s Jewish citizens, along with countless others, during that brutal occupation.
In the summer of 1944, the Nazi and Soviet armies were preparing for a terrible and bloody battle right here in Warsaw. Amid that hell on earth, the citizens of Poland rose up to defend their homeland. I am deeply honored to be joined on stage today by veterans and heroes of the Warsaw Uprising. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: (Chanting.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: What great spirit. We salute your noble sacrifice and we pledge to always remember your fight for Poland and for freedom. Thank you. Thank you. (Applause.)
This monument reminds us that more than 150,000 Poles died during that desperate struggle to overthrow oppression.
From the other side of the river, the Soviet armed forces stopped and waited. They watched as the Nazis ruthlessly destroyed the city, viciously murdering men, women, and children. They tried to destroy this nation forever by shattering its will to survive.
But there is a courage and a strength deep in the Polish character that no one could destroy. The Polish martyr, Bishop Michael Kozal, said it well: “More horrifying than a defeat of arms is a collapse of the human spirit.”
Through four decades of communist rule, Poland and the other captive nations of Europe endured a brutal campaign to demolish freedom, your faith, your laws, your history, your identity -- indeed the very essence of your culture and your humanity. Yet, through it all, you never lost that spirit. (Applause.) Your oppressors tried to break you, but Poland could not be broken. (Applause.)
And when the day came on June 2nd, 1979, and one million Poles gathered around Victory Square for their very first mass with their Polish Pope, that day, every communist in Warsaw must have known that their oppressive system would soon come crashing down. (Applause.) They must have known it at the exact moment during Pope John Paul II’s sermon when a million Polish men, women, and children suddenly raised their voices in a single prayer. A million Polish people did not ask for wealth. They did not ask for privilege. Instead, one million Poles sang three simple words: “We Want God.” (Applause.)
In those words, the Polish people recalled the promise of a better future. They found new courage to face down their oppressors, and they found the words to declare that Poland would be Poland once again.
As I stand here today before this incredible crowd, this faithful nation, we can still hear those voices that echo through history. Their message is as true today as ever. The people of Poland, the people of America, and the people of Europe still cry out “We want God.” (Applause.)
Together, with Pope John Paul II, the Poles reasserted their identity as a nation devoted to God. And with that powerful declaration of who you are, you came to understand what to do and how to live. You stood in solidarity against oppression, against a lawless secret police, against a cruel and wicked system that impoverished your cities and your souls. And you won. Poland prevailed. Poland will always prevail. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: Donald Trump! Donald Trump! Donald Trump!
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you. You were supported in that victory over communism by a strong alliance of free nations in the West that defied tyranny. Now, among the most committed members of the NATO Alliance, Poland has resumed its place as a leading nation of a Europe that is strong, whole, and free.
A strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe, and they know that. A strong Europe is a blessing to the West and to the world. (Applause.) One hundred years after the entry of American forces into World War I, the transatlantic bond between the United States and Europe is as strong as ever and maybe, in many ways, even stronger.
This continent no longer confronts the specter of communism. But today we’re in the West, and we have to say there are dire threats to our security and to our way of life. You see what’s happening out there. They are threats. We will confront them. We will win. But they are threats. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: Donald Trump! Donald Trump! Donald Trump!
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We are confronted by another oppressive ideology -- one that seeks to export terrorism and extremism all around the globe. America and Europe have suffered one terror attack after another. We’re going to get it to stop. (Applause.)
During a historic gathering in Saudi Arabia, I called on the leaders of more than 50 Muslim nations to join together to drive out this menace which threatens all of humanity. We must stand united against these shared enemies to strip them of their territory and their funding, and their networks, and any form of ideological support that they may have. While we will always welcome new citizens who share our values and love our people, our borders will always be closed to terrorism and extremism of any kind. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: Donald Trump! Donald Trump! Donald Trump!
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We are fighting hard against radical Islamic terrorism, and we will prevail. We cannot accept those who reject our values and who use hatred to justify violence against the innocent.
Today, the West is also confronted by the powers that seek to test our will, undermine our confidence, and challenge our interests. To meet new forms of aggression, including propaganda, financial crimes, and cyberwarfare, we must adapt our alliance to compete effectively in new ways and on all new battlefields.
We urge Russia to cease its destabilizing activities in Ukraine and elsewhere, and its support for hostile regimes -- including Syria and Iran -- and to instead join the community of responsible nations in our fight against common enemies and in defense of civilization itself. (Applause.)
Finally, on both sides of the Atlantic, our citizens are confronted by yet another danger -- one firmly within our control. This danger is invisible to some but familiar to the Poles: the steady creep of government bureaucracy that drains the vitality and wealth of the people. The West became great not because of paperwork and regulations but because people were allowed to chase their dreams and pursue their destinies.
Americans, Poles, and the nations of Europe value individual freedom and sovereignty. We must work together to confront forces, whether they come from inside or out, from the South or the East, that threaten over time to undermine these values and to erase the bonds of culture, faith and tradition that make us who we are. (Applause.) If left unchecked, these forces will undermine our courage, sap our spirit, and weaken our will to defend ourselves and our societies.
But just as our adversaries and enemies of the past learned here in Poland, we know that these forces, too, are doomed to fail if we want them to fail. And we do, indeed, want them to fail. (Applause.) They are doomed not only because our alliance is strong, our countries are resilient, and our power is unmatched. Through all of that, you have to say everything is true. Our adversaries, however, are doomed because we will never forget who we are. And if we don’t forget who are, we just can't be beaten. Americans will never forget. The nations of Europe will never forget. We are the fastest and the greatest community. There is nothing like our community of nations. The world has never known anything like our community of nations.
We write symphonies. We pursue innovation. We celebrate our ancient heroes, embrace our timeless traditions and customs, and always seek to explore and discover brand-new frontiers.
We reward brilliance. We strive for excellence, and cherish inspiring works of art that honor God. We treasure the rule of law and protect the right to free speech and free expression. (Applause.)
We empower women as pillars of our society and of our success. We put faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, at the center of our lives. And we debate everything. We challenge everything. We seek to know everything so that we can better know ourselves. (Applause.)
And above all, we value the dignity of every human life, protect the rights of every person, and share the hope of every soul to live in freedom. That is who we are. Those are the priceless ties that bind us together as nations, as allies, and as a civilization.
What we have, what we inherited from our -- and you know this better than anybody, and you see it today with this incredible group of people -- what we've inherited from our ancestors has never existed to this extent before. And if we fail to preserve it, it will never, ever exist again. So we cannot fail.
This great community of nations has something else in common: In every one of them, it is the people, not the powerful, who have always formed the foundation of freedom and the cornerstone of our defense. The people have been that foundation here in Poland -- as they were right here in Warsaw -- and they were the foundation from the very, very beginning in America.
Our citizens did not win freedom together, did not survive horrors together, did not face down evil together, only to lose our freedom to a lack of pride and confidence in our values. We did not and we will not. We will never back down. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: Donald Trump! Donald Trump! Donald Trump!
PRESIDENT TRUMP: As long as we know our history, we will know how to build our future. Americans know that a strong alliance of free, sovereign and independent nations is the best defense for our freedoms and for our interests. That is why my administration has demanded that all members of NATO finally meet their full and fair financial obligation.
As a result of this insistence, billions of dollars more have begun to pour into NATO. In fact, people are shocked. But billions and billions of dollars more are coming in from countries that, in my opinion, would not have been paying so quickly.
To those who would criticize our tough stance, I would point out that the United States has demonstrated not merely with words but with its actions that we stand firmly behind Article 5, the mutual defense commitment. (Applause.)
Words are easy, but actions are what matters. And for its own protection -- and you know this, everybody knows this, everybody has to know this -- Europe must do more. Europe must demonstrate that it believes in its future by investing its money to secure that future.
That is why we applaud Poland for its decision to move forward this week on acquiring from the United States the battle-tested Patriot air and missile defense system -- the best anywhere in the world. (Applause.) That is also why we salute the Polish people for being one of the NATO countries that has actually achieved the benchmark for investment in our common defense. Thank you. Thank you, Poland. I must tell you, the example you set is truly magnificent, and we applaud Poland. Thank you. (Applause.)
We have to remember that our defense is not just a commitment of money, it is a commitment of will. Because as the Polish experience reminds us, the defense of the West ultimately rests not only on means but also on the will of its people to prevail and be successful and get what you have to have. The fundamental question of our time is whether the West has the will to survive. Do we have the confidence in our values to defend them at any cost? Do we have enough respect for our citizens to protect our borders? Do we have the desire and the courage to preserve our civilization in the face of those who would subvert and destroy it? (Applause.)
We can have the largest economies and the most lethal weapons anywhere on Earth, but if we do not have strong families and strong values, then we will be weak and we will not survive. (Applause.) If anyone forgets the critical importance of these things, let them come to one country that never has. Let them come to Poland. (Applause.) And let them come here, to Warsaw, and learn the story of the Warsaw Uprising.
When they do, they should learn about Jerusalem Avenue. In August of 1944, Jerusalem Avenue was one of the main roads running east and west through this city, just as it is today.
Control of that road was crucially important to both sides in the battle for Warsaw. The German military wanted it as their most direct route to move troops and to form a very strong front. And for the Polish Home Army, the ability to pass north and south across that street was critical to keep the center of the city, and the Uprising itself, from being split apart and destroyed.
Every night, the Poles put up sandbags amid machine gun fire -- and it was horrendous fire -- to protect a narrow passage across Jerusalem Avenue. Every day, the enemy forces knocked them down again and again and again. Then the Poles dug a trench. Finally, they built a barricade. And the brave Polish fighters began to flow across Jerusalem Avenue. That narrow passageway, just a few feet wide, was the fragile link that kept the Uprising alive.
Between its walls, a constant stream of citizens and freedom fighters made their perilous, just perilous, sprints. They ran across that street, they ran through that street, they ran under that street -- all to defend this city. “The far side was several yards away,” recalled one young Polish woman named Greta. That mortality and that life was so important to her. In fact, she said, “The mortally dangerous sector of the street was soaked in the blood. It was the blood of messengers, liaison girls, and couriers.”
Nazi snipers shot at anybody who crossed. Anybody who crossed, they were being shot at. Their soldiers burned every building on the street, and they used the Poles as human shields for their tanks in their effort to capture Jerusalem Avenue. The enemy never ceased its relentless assault on that small outpost of civilization. And the Poles never ceased its defense.
The Jerusalem Avenue passage required constant protection, repair, and reinforcement, but the will of its defenders did not waver, even in the face of death. And to the last days of the Uprising, the fragile crossing never, ever failed. It was never, ever forgotten. It was kept open by the Polish people.
The memories of those who perished in the Warsaw Uprising cry out across the decades, and few are clearer than the memories of those who died to build and defend the Jerusalem Avenue crossing. Those heroes remind us that the West was saved with the blood of patriots; that each generation must rise up and play their part in its defense -- (applause) -- and that every foot of ground, and every last inch of civilization, is worth defending with your life.
Our own fight for the West does not begin on the battlefield -- it begins with our minds, our wills, and our souls. Today, the ties that unite our civilization are no less vital, and demand no less defense, than that bare shred of land on which the hope of Poland once totally rested. Our freedom, our civilization, and our survival depend on these bonds of history, culture, and memory.
And today as ever, Poland is in our heart, and its people are in that fight. (Applause.) Just as Poland could not be broken, I declare today for the world to hear that the West will never, ever be broken. Our values will prevail. Our people will thrive. And our civilization will triumph. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: Donald Trump! Donald Trump! Donald Trump!
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you. So, together, let us all fight like the Poles -- for family, for freedom, for country, and for God.
Thank you. God Bless You. God bless the Polish people. God bless our allies. And God bless the United States of America.
Thank you. God bless you. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
END
1:55 P.M. CESTRoyal Castle
Warsaw, Poland
11:17 A.M. CEST
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you. I greatly appreciate it. This is a beautiful room, I must say. I love beautiful rooms and this is one of them. I want to thank you, President and President. Thank you very much -- good to see you again -- for hosting this historic summit. I’m honored to be here in a city where, as it’s been said many times before, the impossible has become the possible. And thanks to the 11 leaders in this room, I think that the expression will become the story of this incredible initiative. I want to congratulate you on the great job you’ve done.
This region has special significance to me because, as you know, my wife, is from Slovenia. Right? We spoke about it. Very good. And she loves Slovenia.
Every one of your nations has an inspiring story. You’ve overcame years of oppression, and you all are united by the hope that your citizens will flourish, your commerce will prosper, and your countries will absolutely thrive. That’s what’s going to happen, because I know the people. This is the spirit of hope that brings us all together.
We're here at this historic gathering to launch a new future for open, fair, and affordable energy markets that bring greater security and prosperity to all of our citizens. We are sitting on massive energy and we are now exporters of energy. So, if one of you need energy, just give us a call.
On behalf of the American people, let me say that we stand with the Three Seas nations. Beautiful nations, by the way. Beautiful country. We support your drive for greater prosperity and security. We applaud your initiative to expand infrastructure. We welcome this historic opportunity to deepen our economic partnership with your region.
It’s been 28 years since your brave citizens lifted the Iron Curtain and defeated communism, yet much of the infrastructure within Central and Eastern Europe has remained a relic of the old Soviet era. It's pretty incredible. Your people have been held back by the old roads, railways, and pipelines that still operate on restrictive systems.
The Three Seas Initiative will transform and rebuild the entire region and ensure that your infrastructure, like your commitment to freedom and rule of law, binds you to all of Europe and, indeed, to the West.
The United States also strongly supports the creation of the Three Seas Business Forum so that your countries can build cutting-edge projects with the best talent in the energy industry, and do so under budget and ahead of schedule. I love that sound -- under budget and ahead of schedule. Nothing like it.
New energy infrastructure is essential to this rebuilding effort. We hope that the Three Seas nations will advance the same goals we are working on to achieve for our people in America. We’re doing tremendously well. Our stock market just hit an all-time high. We have, I think, 16 years -- in 16 years it’s the lowest unemployment rate. Our military is getting stronger and stronger. We’re rebuilding it, adding billions and billions of dollars of new equipment. The best equipment in the world. We make the best equipment in the world by far. We’re adding many billions of dollars of brand-new equipment.
And the United States is doing very well -- very strong. We’ve taken off restrictions and people are really moving hard. So when I say that the stock market is at an all-time high, we’ve picked up in market value almost $4 trillion since November 8th, which was the election. $4 trillion -- it's a lot of money. Personally, I picked up nothing, but that’s all right. Everyone else is getting rich. That’s okay. I’m very happy.
Greater access to energy markets, fewer barriers to energy trade and development, and strengthening energy security is what we’re looking to do. The Three Seas initiative has the potential to accomplish all of these essential objectives -- and very quickly -- because you have incredible people, and they will get it done quickly.
I congratulate your nations for already beginning the critical projects that open us up to greater access, and you’ll be totally open and have access to energy markets and remove barriers to energy trade, such as floating LNG terminal on the Croatian island of Krk. Did you ever hear of that? Right? Huh? You know all about that. I bet you know all about it. And the Greece-Bulgaria Interconnector.
These projects and many others are crucial to ensuring that your nations continue to diversify your energy sources, suppliers, and routes. I also applaud Bulgaria, Romania, Hungary, and Austria for pursuing a pipeline from the Black Sea. We just approved a big pipeline also -- the Keystone Pipeline. It was under consideration for many, many years, and it was dead and I approved it in my first day of office. And it’s now under construction. And another pipeline besides that -- big ones -- Dakota Access.
The United States is proud to see that our abundant energy resources are already helping the Three Seas Nations achieve much-needed energy diversification. In fact, I want to take this opportunity to congratulate the government and people of Poland for receiving their first shipment of U.S. liquefied natural gas last month. And you made a very good deal, I understand.
Let me be very clear about one crucial point: The United States will never use energy to coerce your nations, and we cannot allow others to do so. You don’t want to have a monopoly or a monopolistic situation. The United States is firmly committed to open, fair, and competitive markets for global energy trade.
America will be a faithful and dependable partner in the export and sale of our high-quality and low-cost energy resources and technologies. We make the best technology and we make the best, best technology for fighter jets and ships and equipment, military weapons. There’s nobody even close, and that’s acknowledged. All over the world they talk about the greatness of our military equipment. Nobody comes close. So when you buy and as you buy military equipment, hopefully you’ll be thinking only of the United States.
With the expanded trade and new infrastructure, we will unleash incredible energy innovation that is safe, responsible, and environmentally friendly. The United States supports a commonsense approach to protecting natural resources -- one that responsibly balances economic growth, job creation, and energy security. We invite all countries to work with us to achieve this objective and to develop innovative technologies that empower nations around the world to be faithful stewards of their natural resources, while lifting millions out of poverty and into great and beautiful futures.
The Three Seas Initiative will not only empower your people to prosper, but it will ensure that your nations remain sovereign, secure, and free from foreign coercion. The Three Seas nations will stand stronger than they have stood before. When your nations are strong, all the free nations of Europe are stronger, and the West becomes stronger as well. Together, our nation and yours can bring greater peace, prosperity, and safety to all of our people.
This summit ushers in the next great energy frontier. This is largely about energy because we are that great exporter. We’ve just become -- what’s going on in our country is incredible, and I hope you take advantage of it by using these resources.
I'm thrilled to join you today and I want everyone to know that the United States supports your bold efforts. These projects will improve countless lives across the region and throughout the world. America will be your strongest ally and steadfast partner in this truly historic initiative.
So, congratulations to everybody. And we stand ready, willing, and able to help with your energy needs and other needs as they come along.
Thank you very much.
END
11:26 A.M. CEST5:16 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Welcome, everyone. The rain stopped just as we came out. I don’t know what that means, but it's not bad. (Laughter.) And Happy Fourth of July. Great honor to have you with us. (Applause.) Melania and I truly appreciate and celebrate America’s independence with those who courageously defend our country -- the men, women and families of the United States military.
It is because of you that well over 300 million American citizens can live in freedom. There is one military family here today I am especially excited to recognize: Our great Vice President, Mike Pence, and our Second Lady -- never heard that term before, but that's what they say -- and she is some lady, that I can tell you -- of the United States, Karen Pence, are here along with their son, Marine First Lieutenant Michael Pence. Where is Michael? (Applause.) Great. It's great, Michael. Michael, not only are your parents proud of you, not only am I proud of you, but America, Michael, is very proud of you. Thank you.
And America is proud of all of the brave men and women who serve in every branch of our great military. We have outstanding representatives of each service, each branch. They're with us today. We have Army. We have Navy. We have Air Force. (Applause.) We have Marines. (Applause.) We have the Coast Guard. (Laughter.) We love our Coast Guard.
Representing the United States Army is Captain Jean Gwon. She served 14 years, and today she is Company Commander in support of Old Guard, where she oversees the 120 soldiers who protect the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. It's beautiful. Captain Gwon is joined today by her husband, Captain James Folwell. Thank you both for your service, and thank you to every soldier here with us today and serving our nation, and serving us all around the world. You are truly the army of the free.
From the Marines we have Marine Sergeant Yannick Tumukunde. He’s with Marine Helicopter Squadron One, an outfit I’ve come to know and admire very much since arriving at the White House. Sergeant Tumukunde is a senior technician and is the sole chief martial arts instructor and trainer for the entire squadron. Thank you, and thank you for being here. And also, we lay claim to a very special title. You are a United States Marine. That is a special title. Thank you, Sergeant.
From the Navy we have Lieutenant Commander Allison Maybrey, a Navy oceanographer. Her leadership has improved the atmosphere. And really what she's done is so incredible, having to do with sensing, modeling, and predicting the electromagnetic warfare capabilities of various countries that hopefully we won't be thinking about too much. But she's there, and she's got the information like nobody has. We thank Allison and her husband, Lieutenant Commander Michael Maybrey, here with their children, Emma, Lily, and Amelia. Our incredible sailors embody the Navy credo: “Not for self, but for country.” Thank you.
From the Air Force we have Technical Sergeant Ralph Bunnell. Sergeant Bunnell is responsible for leading 50 security forces personnel that protect the President, the Vice President, and visiting foreign heads of state. A big job, a very important job. We want to thank you -- to Ralph and to your wife, Patricia. And thank you to every member of the Air Force who gives our nation total superiority in the air, striking fear into the hearts of our enemies, and inspiring hope in the hearts of our friends all around the world.
Finally, representing the Coast Guard we have Petty Officer First Class Tony Franklin. Tony is a Gunner’s Mate and is directly responsible for the armament of 17 units. He has led countless gunnery and pyrotechnic demonstrations -- so I don’t think the fireworks are going to impress him very much, but I will tell you they're going to impress you. (Laughter.) Thank you, Tony.
I want to thank everyone in the Coast Guard. I was at the Coast Guard Academy this year -- gave the commencement address -- and it was an amazing, incredible group of people and a really great day. Thank you, Tony, very much.
Each of you here today represents that rare combination of patriotism, virtue, and courage that our citizens have always -- and I mean always -- admired and that our enemies have always feared. At this moment, your brothers and sisters in arms are posted around the globe, fighting our enemies and standing watch to protect our nation. They're fighting for us. We are thanking them, praying for them, and saluting them for their selfless sacrifice.
There could be no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. I pledge my unwavering support for you, for your families, and your missions. I will always have your back. I will always, under all circumstances -- you'll be coming back here, and I will always have your back.
And I want to just tell you that our country is doing really, really well. No matter where you look, the economy is blazing. And on every front we're doing well. And we do have challenges, but we will handle those challenges -- believe me.
You're part of a new, and a truly great generation. Two days ago I spoke with Lieutenant Colonel Dick Cole, who served as the co-pilot of the lead B-25 bomber pilot -- and piloted by Lieutenant Colonel Jimmy Doolittle during the daring 1942 raid, after the attack on Pearl Harbor. Lieutenant Colonel Cole and the rest of the Doolittle Raiders launched their aircraft into the sky knowing that they would not have enough fuel to return to friendly territory. That's not a good feeling. That's a lot of courage.
Our servicemen and women are preserving the legacy of courage and selfless service that they inherited from Lieutenant Colonel Dick Cole and so many others.
May God bless you all. May God bless our military. May God bless forever the United States of America.
Thank you very much for being here. Happy Fourth of July. (Applause.) Thank you very much. Thank you. Happy Fourth of July, everybody. Thank you very much.
END
5:24 P.M. EDTThe John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts
Washington, D.C.
8:52 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Boy, this is some group. Some group. (Applause.) Nice to win, isn’t it? Isn't it nice to win? Robert, thank you very much for that incredible introduction, and thank you to everyone from First Baptist Dallas. Thank you. (Applause.) Pastor, you and Amy have stood with us since the very, very beginning -- and I will always stand with you. I've told you that, and I mean that. I will always be with you. I appreciate it. Thank you. (Applause.)
And I'm honored to join you at the first-ever Fourth of July Freedom Rally taking place here at the Kennedy Center as we pay tribute to those who have proudly served our nation in uniform. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
Tonight we have been inspired by music that fills our hearts, stirs our souls, and reminds us all of who we are: One nation under God. (Applause.)
To First Baptist music director, Doran Bugg, and to every musician and member of the choir who has performed with such incredible grace and skill -- and I heard them backstage; I said, let me out there -- that is the most beautiful music. (Applause.) Beautiful. I just want to say that your music honors our heroes more eloquently than words could ever do. And I just want to thank you. That's real talent standing behind me. Thank you, folks. (Applause.)
And let me say to the hundreds of veterans with us tonight, that for my very first Independence Day celebration as President, there is no place I’d rather be than with you, I'll tell you that. (Applause.) And I promise you -- and you see it happening day by day. Just the other day we signed the Veterans Accountability. They've been trying to do it for 40 years. (Applause.) For 40 years they've been trying. You couldn’t fire somebody if they were horrible, doing a terrible job for the veterans -- robbing, stealing, hurting people. You couldn’t do anything. It's called the Veterans Accountability Act, and now you can say "you're fired." (Applause.) Thank you. And I promise you that we will always take care of our great veterans, always. Right, Louie? You better believe it. And Paula is up there. Paula White has been so helpful.
AUDIENCE MEMBERS: We love you!
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. I love you too.
You've shed your blood, you've poured your love, and you've bared your soul in defense of our country, our people, and our great American flag. Your loyalty to our nation is measured not merely in words, but in deeds. You raced through gunfire, stared down enemy forces, and ran past the gates of hell to fight and to win for America. And you won for America. And we're going to take care of it. (Applause.)
The story of America’s men and women in uniform is the story of freedom and overcoming oppression, the strong protecting the weak, and the good defeating evil. There's a lot of evil out there, I want to tell you. There's a lot of evil. I was left a mess, the fact is. But we're cleaning it up. You watch. Cleaning it up. (Applause.) Cleaning it up.
We are awed by your service and your sacrifice. And so to the veterans here tonight -- which there are many -- will you please stand right now? Please stand. Thank you. (Applause.)
On behalf of our very grateful nation: Thank you very much. Thank you very much. We will always, always remember what you did for us.
Tonight, we celebrate veterans. We also reflect on everything we cherish as Americans: We love our country, we love our families, we love our freedom, and we love our God. (Applause.)
Since the signing of the Declaration of Independence 241 years ago, America always affirmed that liberty comes from our Creator. Our rights are given to us by God, and no earthly force can ever take those rights away. (Applause.)
That is why my administration is transferring power out of Washington and returning that power back to where it belongs: to the people. To the people. (Applause.)
The fake media is trying to silence us, but we will not let them -- (applause) -- because the people know the truth. The fake media tried to stop us from going to the White House, but I'm President -- and they're not. (Applause.) We won and they lost. The fact is, the press has destroyed themselves because they went too far. Instead of being subtle and smart, they used the hatchet, and the people saw it right from the beginning. The dishonest media will never keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our great American people. (Applause.) It will never happen.
Their agenda is not your agenda. You've been saying it. I will never stop fighting for you. I am delivering on trade, on the economy, on the Supreme Court, on the Second Amendment, on our military, for our veterans, and on our borders, where we are doing record, record stoppage. (Applause.) Thank you. And we are supporting our incredible police and law enforcement. (Applause.) We will save American lives, protect American sovereignty, and we will ensure the forgotten men and women of our country are never forgotten again. (Applause.)
For too long, politicians have tried -- oh, have they tried -- to centralize authority among the hands of a small few in our nation’s capital. I see them all the time. Bureaucrats think they can run over your lives, overrule your values, meddle in your faith, and tell you how to live, what to say, and where to pray. But we know that parents, not bureaucrats, know best how to raise their children and create a thriving society. (Applause.) And we know that families and churches, not government officials, know best how to create a strong and loving community. (Applause.)
And above all else, we know this: In America, we don’t worship government -- we worship God. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: U-S-A! U-S-A! U-S-A!
THE PRESIDENT: Our religious liberty is enshrined in the very First Amendment in the Bill of Rights. The American Founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence.
Benjamin Franklin reminded his colleagues at the Constitutional Convention to begin by bowing their heads in prayer. I remind you that we're going to start saying "Merry Christmas" again. (Applause.) Inscribed on our currency are the words: “In God We Trust.” (Applause.)
But not only has God bestowed on us the gift of freedom, He’s also given us the gift of heroes willing to give their lives to defend that freedom.
In every struggle against evil throughout our history, as America’s servicemembers have huddled around campfires and sought refuge in fox holes, they have called on their Creator for support. In World War II, when General George Patton -- and that was a real general -- we've got some Pattons today, too. I found "Mad Dog" Mattis. (Applause.) And he doesn’t like doing a lot of talking, but I want to tell you, ISIS -- it's a whole different ballgame, folks. They're going fast.
But when Patton ran into a problem he could not solve, he knew what to do: he prayed. Frustrated by rains that were stalling the advance of his Third Army across Europe in early December 1944 -- horrible weather -- Patton asked an Army chaplain to come up with a “good prayer for the weather.” Patton then had a quarter of a million copies of that prayer printed and distributed to the soldiers of the Third Army just before the Battle of the Bulge. That was a big one. Did very well there.
Five hundred thousand American soldiers fought that pivotal battle of the Second World War. One of those soldiers is here with us tonight. His name is Harry F. Miller. Where's Harry? (Applause.) Where's Harry? Harry, stand up. (Applause.)
Like many of the heroes of his generation, Harry wasn’t exactly straightforward about his age when he enlisted in the Army Reserves. Shame on you, Harry. (Laughter.) He was just 15, but he told them he was old enough to join. Then he immediately asked for a transfer to active duty.
Six months after he enlisted, Private Miller was on his way to Europe to fight for our country. (Applause.) A couple months after that, he was in the freezing cold. How cold was it, Harry? Cold. He said "really cold." And driving rains of Belgium with the 740th Tank Battalion attached to the 82nd Airborne.
As the Battle of the Bulge began, Harry got his orders to go find tanks at a weapons storage facility. When he arrived, he says, he and his friends found nothing but tanks. They were all over the place, right? Nothing by tanks. But they didn’t let the tanks stop them. Out of what spare parts they could find, and through sheer grit and resolve, they somehow managed to repair three of those tanks and to get them all set for action and ready to fight. And before long, those three tanks were nose-to-nose with the lead elements of a German SS Panzer division. And that was tough stuff. In a short time, those tanks had knocked out the first three tanks of the enemy -- and the entire German division retreated. They left. (Applause.) That's good, Harry. That's good, Harry.
AUDIENCE: Harry! Harry! Harry! (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Harry fought through the battle and the rest of the war, and he went on to serve in our Armed Forces for 22 years, retiring as a Senior Master Sergeant. A lot of guts. Tomorrow, Harry will be 89 tomorrow -- 89. (Applause.)
So on behalf of this very large group in this beautiful building, Senior Master Sergeant Miller: Happy Birthday. Thank you for your lifetime of service. And thank you for helping out. Thank you very much, Harry. (Applause.)
To every veteran with us tonight, from every branch of the military -- Army, Navy, Marines, Air Force and Coast Guard -- I want you to know that we will always keep our promises to those who have kept us free.
Since my very first day in office, we’ve taken one action after another to make sure that our veterans get the care they so richly deserve. We’ve published wait times -- those wait time were bad, weren’t they? But, boy, are they getting better and fast. And we've published them at every VA facility; delivered same-day mental health services at every VA medical center. (Applause.) Nearly doubled the number of veterans given approvals to see the doctor of their choice. (Applause.) And, as I said, just signed brand-new legislation -- went through the House, went through the Senate. And I signed it so fast -- we didn’t want to take any chances -- right, Harry? -- to ensure every VA worker is held accountable for the quality of care they provide to our veterans. (Applause.)
Tonight, we are deeply honored to be joined by a number of Wounded Warriors from Walter Reed. I was over there recently. These are incredible people -- the enthusiasm and the spirit. And some of them were hurt really badly. They've got so much spirit, and they love this country so much. These American heroes risked everything so that you and I can live in freedom. They gave all they had -- everything -- for their comrades, their country, and for victory. They like winning. We like winning again, don’t we? (Applause.) You know, in the old days we used to win. We sort of just keep fighting and fighting and fighting and fighting. We're going to win again, folks. We applaud their strength, their courage, and we really support that incredible win they have. The will -- the will is so strong. And that's what they want to do, is they want to win, and they want to win for you. So thank you all very much for being here. That was great. (Applause.)
One such hero is Captain Luis Avila. Where is he? Luis. (Applause.) Luis. Where are you, Luis? (Applause.) Luis, wow. Luis is here tonight, along with his wife Claudia. Thank you, Claudia. Thank you, darling. Thank you. Thank you. Luis served in the Army for 16 years. He held many different positions, on five combat tours. And he was always a leader, and everybody always said -- I did some checking on you, Luis -- that you did a great job no matter where you were, no matter where you went. On his fifth deployment, Luis bravely led his company on a successful mission to recover vital intelligence. During this critical mission, his vehicle was struck by explosives. Luis was gravely wounded and lost his leg. He received a Purple Heart for his service and sacrifice.
To Luis and Claudia, we will never forget the courageous sacrifice that you made for all of us in this room tonight and for everyone in our country. Thank you. Thank you, Luis. (Applause.) I want you all, and all of our incredible Wounded Warriors to know: You have an entire nation of more than 300 million people behind you. And our nation is getting strong again. Do you notice? Getting strong again. Our hearts and our prayers are joined with yours. Your legacy, like our gratitude, will live forever. And I want to thank you. Thank you very much. And, Claudia, thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
I also want to speak to all of the people -- see, you thought I forgot -- in our faith community who are here with us tonight, veterans and non-veterans alike. (Applause.) You're never going to be forgotten. You'll never be forgotten. My administration will always support and defend your religious liberty. (Applause.)
We don’t want to see God forced out of the public square, driven out of our schools, or pushed out of our civic life. We want to see prayers before football games, if they want to give prayers. (Applause.) We want all children to have the opportunity to know the blessings of God.
We will not allow the government to censor sermons, to restrict the free speech of our pastors and our preachers and the people that we most respect -- like Robert. (Applause.) That is why, just as I promised Pastor Jeffress and other faith leaders, I just signed an executive order following -- and this is something that makes me very happy and very proud -- following through on my campaign pledge to stop the Johnson Amendment from interfering with your First Amendment rights. (Applause.)
As long as I am President, no one is going to stop you from practicing your faith or from preaching what is in your heart. (Applause.) We want to hear Him.
One of the most grave and dire threats to religious freedom in the world today is the threat of terrorism, and, specifically, it just seems it's called radical Islamic terrorism. (Applause.) And we cannot allow terrorism and extremism to spread in our country, or to find sanctuary on our shores or in our cities. (Applause.) We want to make sure that anyone who seeks to join our country shares our values and has the capacity to love our people. (Applause.)
Together, we will protect our families, our nations, and our borders. And, yes, by the way, for those that are curious, we will build the wall, okay? (Applause.) Because we understand that a country is more than just its geography. A nation is the sum of its citizens -- their hopes, their dreams, their aspirations. America is a land rich with history, traditions and values. And as we have seen tonight -- what a group this is tonight -- America is also a land rich with heroes. (Applause.)
And though we have many stories, we all share one home and one glorious destiny -- a destiny that's getting better and better every single day. (Applause.) And whether we are black or brown or white -- and you've heard me say this before -- we all bleed the same red blood. (Applause.) We all salute the same great American flag. (Applause.) And we are all made by the same Almighty God. (Applause.)
We face many challenges. There are many hills and mountains to climb. But with the strength and courage of the patriots assembled in this room tonight, we will scale -- and you see it all the time, and we're doing it all the time, because we're scaling those summits -- and we will get the job done. We will all prove worthy of this very important moment in history, and we will prove worthy of the sacrifice that our brave veterans have made.
As long as we have pride in our beliefs, courage in our convictions, and faith in our God, we will not fail. (Applause.)
As long as our country remains true to its values, loyal to its heroes, and devoted to its Creator, then our best days are yet to come -- because we will make America great again. (Applause.)
To my friend, Pastor Jeffress, and to Paula and to Louie and to Harry, and to Luis, and to everybody in this room and everybody in this country: Thank you for your great support. I appreciate it. I will not let you down. To all of our incredible veterans, to the people in the military, and to evangelical Christians who came out in record, record, record numbers: Thank you.
Have a wonderful Independence Day. God bless you. God bless our nation’s veterans. God bless the United States of America. (Applause.) Thank you very much. Thank you.
END 9:26 P.M. EDTYour browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript:
My fellow Americans,
This week, I was joined at the White House by American families whose loved ones were killed by illegal immigrants.
Many of these illegal immigrants had extensive criminal records and had been repeatedly deported.
Every single one of these deaths was preventable.
These beautiful American lives were stolen because our government refused to do its job. If the government had simply enforced our immigration laws, these Americans would still be alive today.
That is why, since the day I took the oath of office, I have been restoring the enforcement of our immigration laws and the protection and defense of our borders.
These courageous Americans joined me at the White House to call on Congress to pass two bills that I campaigned on during the election. If enacted, these bills will save countless Americans lives. The first bill, Kate’s Law, is named for Kate Steinle, who was killed by an illegal immigrant who had been deported five times. This law will enhance criminal penalties for those who repeatedly re-enter our country illegally.
The second bill, the No Sanctuary For Criminals Act, will block federal grants to jurisdictions that shield dangerous criminal aliens from being turned over to federal law enforcement.
On Thursday, I am glad to report, these two bills passed the House of Representatives. This represents a crucial step toward ensuring our public safety and national security.
I want to thank Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte for his dedicated work on these critical bills, as well as other crucial legislation that will soon be considered as well. I also thank Leadership for advancing these life-saving measures.
I now call on the Senate to take up these bills and send them back to my desk for signature – as soon as possible. We need security. We need safety in our country. And I call on members of both parties to stand united with victims to stop these terrible and senseless crimes from ever happening in the first place.
This legislation presents a simple choice: either vote to save and protect American lives, or vote to shield and comfort criminal aliens who threaten innocent lives – and they’ve been shielded too long.
As we head towards the Fourth of July, we remember now more than ever to cherish our freedom. The foundation of freedom is the rule of law. It forms the bedrock of our Constitution and the cornerstone of our way of life.
So this Independence Day, while we're enjoying treasured time with our friends and loved ones, let us not forget the families who have an empty seat at the table this year.
And let us pledge that from now on, we will protect, defend and save American lives.
Thank you.3:13 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, very much. You don't mind if I do that? Get rid of it. (Laughter.)
Thank you very much to our great Vice President and also for the fantastic job that Mike has been doing.
The future of American space leadership -- we're going to lead again. It’s been a long time. It’s over 25 years, and we're opening up, and we are going to be leading again like we've never led before.
We’re a nation of pioneers, and the next great American frontier is space. And we never completed -- we started, but we never completed. We stopped. But now we start again. And we have tremendous spirit, and we're going to have tremendous spirit from the private sector -- maybe in particular from the private sector.
I’d like to extend a special welcome to an American hero who’ve I’ve known actually for a long time, Buzz Aldrin, who is with us today. (Applause.) Known him a long time. Thank you also to Astronauts Benjamin Drew and David Wolf and former NASA Flight Director Gene Kranz for being with us and for working with us on exactly what we're doing today. Thank you all very much. We appreciate it. Thank you, thank you, thank you. (Applause.)
We're also joined by our great Secretary of Commerce, Wilbur Ross, who spent the morning negotiating trade deals with South Korea. And as you know, that trade deal is coming due, and it actually came due a couple of weeks ago. And I think we're going to make a good deal, right?
SECRETARY ROSS: We've made some progress.
THE PRESIDENT: I think so. That's what the word is. And good for both countries.
Also distinguished members of Congress are with us, and leaders of several of America’s great aerospace companies.
Today, we’re taking a crucial step to secure America’s future in space by reviving the National Space Council after it was -- has been dormant almost 25 years if you can believe it.
During the campaign, Vice President Pence promised that our administration -- because Mike is very much into space -- would revive the National Space Council, and with this executive order, we’re keeping that promise. Feel very strongly about it. I’ve felt strongly about it for a long time. I used to say before doing what I did -- I used to say, what happened? Why aren’t we moving forward?
Today’s announcement sends a clear signal to the world that we are restoring America’s proud legacy of leadership in space.
Our Vice President cares very deeply about space policy, and for good reason -- space exploration is not only essential to our character as a nation, but also our economy and our great nation’s security.
Our travels beyond the Earth propel scientific discoveries that improve our lives in countless ways here, right here, at home: powering vast new industry, spurring incredible new technology, and providing the space security we need to protect the American people. And security is going to be a very big factor with respect to space and space exploration. At some point in the future, we’re going to look back and say how did we do it without space?
The Vice President will serve as the council’s chair. Several representatives of my administration will join him including the Secretaries of State, Defense, Commerce, Transportation, and Homeland Security; the Chairman of the great -- I’ll tell you, he’s doing a fantastic job, always working, always fighting, and winning -- winning big against ISIS, that I can tell you, seeing what’s happening there -- the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the National Security Advisor, NASA, and the Director of National Intelligence.
The council will also draw the expertise of other White House offices as well as insights from scientists, innovators, and business leaders from across the country. Many business leaders that want to be a big part of this. I think the privatization of certain aspects is going to play a very crucial role, don’t you think? They are truly into it. This coordination will be accomplished through an advisory group that is being convened by today’s executive order, which I’ll be signing in a minute.
The National Space Council will be a central hub guiding space policy within the administration. And I will draw on it for advice and information and recommendations for action. And the Vice President, myself, and a few others are going to pick some private people to be on the board. I will say that’s not easy because everybody wants to be on this board. People that you wouldn’t have believed loved what we’re doing so much they want to -- some of the most successful people in the world want to be on this board.
The human soul yearns for discovery. By unlocking the mysteries of the universe, we unlock truths within ourselves. That’s true. Our journey into space will not only make us stronger and more prosperous, but will unite us behind grand ambitions and bring us all closer together. Wouldn’t that be nice? Can you believe that space is going to do that? I thought politics would do that. (Laughter.) Well, we’ll have to rely on space instead.
Every launch into the skies is another step forward toward a future where our differences seem small against the vast expanse of our common humanity. Sometimes you have to view things from a distance in order to see the real truth. It is America’s destiny to be at the forefront of humanity’s eternal quest for knowledge and to be the leader amongst nations on our adventure into the great unknown. And I could say the great and very beautiful unknown. Nothing more beautiful.
With the actions we are launching today, America will think big once again. Important words: Think big. We haven’t been thinking so big for a long time, but we’re thinking big again as a county. We will inspire millions of children to carry on this proud tradition of American space leadership -- and they’re excited -- and to never stop wondering, hoping, and dreaming about what lies beyond the stars.
So, I just want to tell you that we are now going to sign an executive order, and this is going to launch a whole new chapter for our great country. And people are very excited about it and I can tell you, I’m very excited about it. Thank you all very much. (Applause.)
(The order is signed.)
COLONEL ALDRIN: Infinity and beyond. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: This is infinity here. It could be infinity. We don’t really don’t know. But it could be. It has to be something -- but it could be infinity, right?
Okay. (Applause.)
END
3:10 P.M. EDT10:50 A.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Okay, thank you very much. We have many of our great members, our Vice President, Secretary of State, Secretary of Defense. We have several of our really wonderful leaders here. And you have your leaders with you and your representatives.
And we're going to be discussing two things mostly, and number one would be North Korea, and we pretty much discussed that last night at length. I think we have a very, very strong, solid plan. And number two is going to be, of course, trade -- because the trade deal is up, and we want to make a deal that's fair for the United States and fair for South Korea. So we’ll start doing that.
Gary Cohn is here. Wilbur Ross is here. And I think that's a very important thing. And, Wilbur, perhaps you’d like to say a few things about trade right now, and we can probably leave the media -- because trade is very important -- for a little while. But perhaps you’d say a few words about trade and what we're looking to do.
SECRETARY ROSS: Yes, sir. The trade imbalance with South Korea has doubled since the KORUS treaty was put into effect, and the largest single component of that is automotive trade. That's an absolute majority of it. So there are a lot of non-tariff trade barriers to U.S. exports. Only 25,000 cars per Big Three manufacturer are allowed in based on U.S. standards. Anything above that needs to be on Korean standards.
So that kind of rulemaking affects quite a few industries and really restricts the access that U.S. companies have to the Korean market.
We have a separate problem with oilfield tubular goods and other steel products. There is no domestic market for oilfield tubular goods in Korea. So everything they make is for export, and we had recent trade cases demonstrating that a lot of that is dumped Chinese steel coming as hot-rolled coil and then coming back to the U.S. as oilfield tubular goods.
So there are a lot of very specific problems, and I think the way to address it is to deal product by product with what we can do to change the export side and what we can do to reduce the bad import side.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: All right, thank you very much. You can stay for this also. Perhaps Gary Cohn could say a few words also about trade.
MR. COHN: Yes, thank you, Mr. President. As you know, much of our biggest problem on trade has to do with our economic relationship with China, and we have maintained a very large trade deficit with China, and it continues to grow.
As Wilbur said, China has many predatory practices in the way they deal with us, with intellectual property and trade barriers for us. We're forced to transfer technology into China, forced to have joint ventures in China. We have tariffs and nontariff barriers; unable to own companies in China, as well. And we're dealing with all of their policies.
At some point we’d be interested to hear how you're dealing with the Chinese policies and how you can help us in dealing with Chinese policies.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. The fact is that the United States has trade deficits with many, many countries, and we cannot allow that to continue. And we’ll start with South Korea right now. But we cannot allow that to continue. This is really a statement that I make about all trade. For many, many years, the United States has suffered through massive trade deficits. That's why we have $20 trillion in debt. So we’ll be changing that.
The good news is we're making great products. And I appreciate very much they're giving -- South Korea is giving very, very big orders to the United States for -- as you know, for military. They're buying many F-35 fighter jets from Lockheed, and they're buying other military equipment at a level that they've never reached before. So that's good.
Also, I understand you're dealing with Alaska -- great state -- on natural gas, and other parts of the United States. We have a lot of natural gas, so we love that you're going to do that.
And things like that will bring down the trade deficit substantially. That's what we like, and we appreciate it very much.
Mr. President, would you like to say something before the media leaves?
PRESIDENT MOON: (Speaks Korean. No translation provided.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Okay, we can do that. And I’m sure that everybody understood that answer. (Laughter.) I hope. But it was a very good answer.
Thank you all very much.
END
10:56 A.M. EDT10:21 A.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I want to thank the President of South Korea, President Moon, for being here. We had a great afternoon yesterday. We had fantastic dinner at the White House -- accomplished a lot, having to do with our thoughts on North Korea and, very much, our thoughts on trade.
We are renegotiating a trade deal right now as we speak with South Korea, and hopefully it will be an equitable deal -- it will be a fair deal to both parties. It’s been a rough deal for the United States, but I think that it will be much different and it will be good for both parties. So we’re in the process of doing that.
We’re also in the process of discussing our, frankly, many options -- and we have many options -- with respect to North Korea.
Thank you very much. President.
The President will speak.
PRESIDENT MOON: (As interpreted.) I would like to thank President Trump once again for inviting me to the White House and for his warm welcome. When I won the election last month, President Trump was the first among all foreign leaders to call me to congratulate me. I believe that was to reconfirm the strength of the Korea-U.S. alliance and also President Trump’s warm message to the Korean people who had been suffering through political turmoil.
Last night, at the dinner with President Trump, we discussed various issues through a diverse scope and very honest discussions on issues to include the North Korean nuclear issue and other issues of mutual interest. It was a great opportunity for us to further the trust and friendship between me and President Trump. It was also an opportunity for us to reconfirm the fact that the United States and Korea are walking together on the same path towards a great alliance.
So I hope that through this summit meeting today, I hope that our relationship can further develop into a more meaningful and fruitful relationship.
Thank you very much.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: What many people don’t know is that South Korea is a major trading partner with the United States and we want something that’s going to be good for the American worker. And I think we’ll be able to do that today, and I think we’ll be able to do many other things. So the relationship is very, very strong, and our personal relationship with President Moon -- our personal relationship is very, very good.
Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.
END
10:26 A.M. EDT6:22 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: President Moon, thank you very much. It’s a great honor to have you at the White House and your very beautiful and lovely wife. We appreciate it.
And we're going to have tremendous discussions tonight. I know you've been discussing with our people some of the complexities of North Korea and trade and other things, and we’ll be discussing them all as we progress -- and it could be very well late into the evening.
We very much respect you and we very much respect the people of South Korea.
I’d like to also congratulate you upon your election victory. It was a great victory, and you did a fantastic job. A lot of people didn't expect that, and I did expect it. I thought that was going to happen. So I want to congratulate you very much.
And thank you also, thank you for coming.
END
6:23 P.M. EDTU.S. Department of Energy
Washington, D.C.
3:31 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. (Applause.) How are you?
Well I want to thank everybody on stage. They are really a terrific team. We have some of the real winners in the audience, too, that I can tell you -- some great, great people.
I want to thank Vice President Pence. As always, he’s right there and he has really been a help to this administration. We have some big things happening today, and we have some very big things happening over the next month, and I guess probably I can say over the next eight years. I suspect I can say that. (Applause.)
It’s wonderful to be here with so many pioneers and visionaries from America’s energy industry -- great industry. I want to thank the leaders of our great energy companies for joining us today and for supporting our efforts to bring true wealth and prosperity to our people. That’s true. Come on, give yourself a hand. (Applause.)
You deserve it. You deserve it. You’ve gone through eight years of hell, and actually I could say even a little bit more than that. You deserve it.
I also want to express our sincere gratitude to the labor union leaders and members who have joined us today. Thank you, fellas. Thank you, thank you. (Applause.) Your workers embody the skill, grit and courage that has always been the true source of American strength. They are great people. They break through rock walls, mine the depths of the earth, and reach through the ocean floor, to bring every ounce of energy into our homes and commerce and into our lives. Our nation salutes you. You’re brave and you are great workers. Thank you very much. Thank you, fellas. (Applause.)
Before turning to the topic at hand, I want to provide a brief update on two crucial votes taking place this afternoon on the House Floor -- very important. These bills are vital to public safety and national security, and I want to thank Chairman Bob Goodlatte for his efforts. Bob has been working very hard and really for a long time, but we got it going.
First, the House will be voting on Kate’s Law -- legislation named for Kate Steinle, who was killed by an illegal immigrant with five prior deportations and lots of bad things on his record.
The second is the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act, which blocks federal grants to cities that release dangerous criminal aliens back into the streets, including the vicious and disgusting and horrible MS-13 gang members. And we’re getting them out. We are getting them out. They’re going -- fast. (Applause.)
General Kelly and his whole group -- they’ve gotten rid of 6,000 so far. We’re about 50 percent there, and we’re actually liberating towns. Like on long Island, where I grew up -- we’re liberating towns. Those people are so happy to see our guys, and our guys are a lot tougher than the MS-13 characters. That I can tell you. Liberation. (Applause.)
I’m calling on all lawmakers to put the safety of American families first. And let’s pass these bills through the House, through the Senate, and send them to my desk. I will give you the fastest approval, the fastest signature that you have ever seen. Right, Mike? We will get that signed so fast. (Applause.) So when we get back, the first thing I’m going to do is how did we do on the vote? I expect good things; otherwise I probably wouldn’t be talking about it to be honest with you. I’d just sort of low-key it a little bit. (Laughter.) I don’t like losing. I don’t like losing. (Laughter.) Neither do you folks. Every member of Congress should vote to save American lives. Many great members of Congress are here with us this afternoon -- some great people, some great, great people. Thank you very much. Not only are they working with us on border security, but they share our desire to unleash American energy.
I especially want to thank Secretary Perry for his tremendous leadership in this department. He has really done a terrific job, and he’s also a cheerleader -- he’s really a cheerleader. I watched that in Texas. The thing that I loved about him -- he was always saying how great Texas was. And if you don’t say it, I don’t know. You got to say it, right? And you’re doing it right now with energy.
SECRETARY PERRY: Ain’t bragging if you can do it.
THE PRESIDENT: That’s true.
Along with Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke and EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt. And we’ve been through our battles, Scott. Not with each other, with the world. And now the world is starting to say I think they’re right. (Laughter.) They’ll find out. We have no doubt. But all three of them strongly believe in putting America first, which is what I believe in, which is why I got elected. It’s called Make America Great Again -- that’s what we’re doing -- Make America Great Again.
We’re here today to usher in a new American energy policy -- one that unlocks million and millions of jobs and trillions of dollars in wealth. For over 40 years, America was vulnerable to foreign regimes that used energy as an economic weapon. Americans’ quality of life was diminished by the idea that energy resources were too scarce to support our people. We always thought that, and actually at the time it was right to think. We didn’t think we had this tremendous wealth under our feet. Many of us remember the long gas lines and the constant claims that the world was running out of oil and natural gas.
Americans were told that our nation could only solve this energy crisis by imposing draconian restrictions on energy production. But we now know that was all a big, beautiful myth. It was fake. Don’t we love that term, "fake"? What we’ve learned about fake over the last little while -- fake news, CNN. Fake. (Laughter and Applause.) Whoops, their camera just went off. (Laughter.) Okay, you can come back. I won’t say -- I promise I won’t say anything more about you. I see that red light go off, I say, whoa. The truth is that we have near-limitless supplies of energy in our country. Powered by new innovation and technology, we are now on the cusp of a true energy revolution.
Our country is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance, which we didn’t know of, even five years ago and certainly ten years ago. We have nearly 100 years’ worth of natural gas and more than 250 years’ worth of clean, beautiful coal. We are a top producer of petroleum and the number-one producer of natural gas. We have so much more than we ever thought possible. We are really in the driving seat. And you know what? We don’t want to let other countries take away our sovereignty and tell us what to do and how to do it. That’s not going to happen. (Applause.) With these incredible resources, my administration will seek not only American energy independence that we’ve been looking for so long, but American energy dominance.
And we’re going to be an exporter -- exporter. (Applause.) We will be dominant. We will export American energy all over the world, all around the globe. These energy exports will create countless jobs for our people, and provide true energy security to our friends, partners, and allies all across the globe.
But this full potential can only be realized when government promotes energy development -- that’s this guy right here, and he’ll do it better than anybody -- instead of obstructing it like the Democrats. They obstruct it. But we get through it. We cannot have obstruction. We have to get out and do our job better and faster than anybody in the world, certainly when it comes to one of our great assets -- energy. This vast energy wealth does not belong to the government. It belongs to the people of the United States of America. (Applause.) Yet, for the past eight years, the federal government imposed massive job-killing barriers to American energy development.
Since my very first day in office, I have been moving at record pace to cancel these regulations and to eliminate the barriers to domestic energy production, like never before. Job-killing regulations are being removed and vital infrastructure projects are being approved at a level that they’ve never seen before. As you all know, I approved the Keystone XL Pipeline and the Dakota Access Pipeline in my first week. Thousands of jobs -- tremendous things are happening. And, by the way, I thought I’d take a lot of heat. I didn't take any heat. I approved them and that was it. I figured we’d have all sorts of protests. We didn't have anything.
But I have to do -- whether it’s protesting or not, I have to do what’s right. But people celebrate those two transactions, as opposed to protesting. But sometimes you have to go out and just do it, and you find out. Whatever happens, happens. But you have to be right for the American people. (Applause.) Thank you.
I’m dramatically reducing restrictions on the development of natural gas. I cancelled the moratorium on a new coal leasing -- and you know what was happening -- the new coal leasing on federal lands, it was being so terribly restricted. And now with Ryan and with a group, it’s going to be open, and the land will be left in better shape than it is right now. Is that right? Better shape. (Applause.)
We have finally ended the war on coal. And I am proud to report that Corsa Coal, here with us today, just opened a brand-new coal mine in the state of Pennsylvania, the first one in many, many, many years. Corsa, stand up. Come on. (Applause.) Congratulations. Congratulations. Employing a lot of people, and we are putting the coal miners back to work just like I promised -- just like I promised when I went through Ohio and West Virginia, Wyoming and all of the different places. And I see Bob back there. Congratulations, Bob. He’s in great shape, right? You in good shape, Bob? Right from the beginning. Good. You just take care of yourself, all right?
We’re ending intrusive EPA regulations that kill jobs, hurt family farmers and ranchers, and raise the price of energy so quickly and so substantially.
In order to protect American jobs, companies and workers, we’ve withdrawn the United States from the one-sided Paris Climate Accord. (Applause.)
And I won’t get into it, but believe me, that really put this country at a disadvantage. Number one, we weren’t playing on the same field. It kicked in for us, and it doesn't kick in for others. The money that we had to pay was enormous. It was not even close. And maybe we’ll be back into it someday, but it will be on better terms. It will be on fair terms -- not on terms where we're the people that don't know what we're doing.
So we’ll see what happens. But I will tell you we're proud of it. And when I go around, there are so many people that say thank you. You saved the sovereignty of our country. You saved our wealth because we would have a hard time getting to this newfound wealth. And that's not going to happen with our country. (Applause.)
Today, I am proudly announcing six brand-new initiatives to propel this new era of American energy dominance. First, we will begin to revive and expand our nuclear energy sector -- which I’m so happy about -- which produces clean, renewable and emissions-free energy. A complete review of U.S. nuclear energy policy will help us find new ways to revitalize this crucial energy resource. And I know you're very excited about that, Rick.
Second, the Department of the Treasury will address barriers to the financing of highly efficient, overseas coal energy plants. Ukraine already tells us they need millions and millions of metric tons right now. There are many other places that need it, too. And we want to sell it to them, and to everyone else all over the globe who need it.
Third, my administration has just approved the construction of a new petroleum pipeline to Mexico, which will further boost American energy exports, and that will go right under the wall, right? It’s going under, right? (Laughter and applause.) Have it go down a little deeper in that one section. You know, a little like this. Right under the wall.
Fourth, just today, a major U.S. company, Sempra Energy, signed an agreement to begin negotiations for the sale of more American natural gas to South Korea. And, as you know, the leaders of South Korea are coming to the White House today, and we've got a lot of discussion to do. But we will also be talking about them buying energy from the United States of America, and I’m sure they’ll like to do it. They need it. Thank you. (Applause.)
Fifth, the United States Department of Energy is announcing today that it will approve two long-term applications to export additional natural gas from the Lake Charles LNG terminal in Louisiana. It’s going to be a big deal. It’s a great announcement.
Finally, in order to unlock more energy from the 94 percent of offshore land closed to development, under the previous administration, so much of our land was closed to development. We're opening it up, the right areas, but we're opening it up -- we’re creating a new offshore oil and gas leasing program. America will be allowed to access the vast energy wealth located right off our shores. And this is all just the beginning -- believe me.
The golden era of American energy is now underway. And I’ll go a step further: The golden era of America is now underway. Believe me. (Applause.)
And you're all going to be a part of it in creating this exciting new future. We will bring new opportunity to the heartland, new prosperity to our inner cities, and new infrastructure all across our nation. When it comes to the future of America’s energy needs, we will find it, we will dream it, and we will build it.
American energy will power our ships, our planes and our cities. American hands will bend the steel and pour the concrete that brings this energy into our homes and that exports this incredible, newfound energy all around the world. And American grit will ensure that what we dream, and what we build, will truly be second to none. We will be number one again all the way. We're going to make America great again.
Thank you, God bless you, and God bless America. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
3:49 P.M. EDT3:07 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Good to have you all. Hello, Chairman. Great man, right here. Might be another one right there. We have some good ones. We had a wonderful meeting on healthcare, yesterday, you probably know about, and so we're moving along. Hello, Thomas.
Thank you very much for being here to discuss two crucial votes taking place in Congress tomorrow on vital safety and national security legislation.
We're joined by the Chairman of the House Judiciary, Bob Goodlatte, a friend of mine for a long time. Bob is one of the most skilled legislators in Congress -- and you didn't even tell me to say that, Bob, right -- (laughter) -- and he's worked with law enforcement to write a series of critical immigration bills that will close the dangerous loopholes exploited by criminals, gang members, drug dealers, killers, terrorists.
MS-13 is a prime target. They are bad people. And we've gotten many of them out already. You know, we're pretty much at the 50 percent mark. We're getting them out as fast as we can get them out, and we're freeing up towns. We're actually liberating towns, if you can believe that we have to do that in the United States of America. But we're doing it, and we're doing it fast.
Also with us today are Congressman Peter King, another friend. Lou Barletta -- where's Lou? Lou, another friend. So you're running for governor, Lou? Look behind you, Lou. You can make a big announcement -- (laughter.) Lou Barletta, an early supporter. Thank you, Lou. And David Young.
Tomorrow, the House will vote on the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. It's been in the works for a long time. People have wanted it, Bob, for a long time. But we were able to get this process going, and I hope you're going to be successful. You'll be successful, tomorrow, with the vote?
REPRESENTATIVE GOODLATTE: We will.
THE PRESIDENT: Good -- which will cut federal grant money to cities that shield dangerous criminal aliens from being turned over to federal law enforcement.
The House will also vote on Kate's Law, named for Kate Steinle, who was killed by an illegal immigrant and who's been deported five times. This law will enhance criminal penalties for those who repeatedly reenter the country illegally.
Countless innocent Americans, including the loved ones of many families in the room -- and many of these families are friends of mine -- great friends of mine that I got to know over the campaign trail because they fought so hard for this. And they are with us. They've had members of their family killed by illegal immigrants and, really, people with multiple -- in some cases, multiple deportations.
I'm especially honored to be here with so many courageous families whom I did get to know so well over the past period of time. You know, here's one right over here. Jamiel -- a great, great man with a great son -- great son, great family.
You lost the people that you love because our government refused to enforce our nation's immigration laws. And that's even the existing immigration laws, without new laws. That's existing immigration laws.
For years, the pundits, journalists, politicians in Washington refused to hear your voices, but on Election Day, 2016, your voices were heard all across the entire world. Right? You better believe it. Nobody died in vain, I can tell you.
Chairman Goodlatte has produced a package of truly key immigration enforcement bills. We've been waiting for these for a long time, and I want to thank you, Chairman, for doing that. Great job. And it's just perfect.
This package includes the Davis-Oliver Act, whose passage I called for nearly a year ago at my inauguration speech and immigration speech -- both -- the immigration speech taking place in Phoenix, Arizona. The Davis-Oliver Act was named for Detective Michael Davis and Deputy Sheriff Danny Oliver, who were gunned down in the line of duty by an illegal immigrant with a criminal record and two prior deportations. And everybody knew this person was big, big trouble, and they begged law enforcement to get him out. And they were unable to do that.
Their incredibly brave widows honored -- and they're here with us, by the way -- we're honoring them today. And it's honored -- where are you please? The widow -- where is -- they're here someplace. In the back of the room? Thank you, everybody. Thank you.
We're privileged to be joined by Melissa. Melissa --
MS. OLIVER: Right here.
THE PRESIDENT: That's what I thought. Hello, Melissa. (Laughter.) Melissa Oliver. And I just want to say that your father was a true hero -- and you know that -- and a great gentleman, and we miss him. You miss him. We miss him.
We're calling on all members of Congress to honor grieving American families by passing these lifesaving measures in the House, in the Senate, and then sending them to my desk for a very rapid signature. I promise you, it will be done quickly. You don't have to wait the mandatory period. It will be very quick, Melissa, in honor of your father and others, okay? And in honor of Jamiel.
MR. SHAW: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: It's time to support our police, to protect our families, and to save American lives. And also to start getting smart.
So with that, I'd like to ask each of the families invited, and some of the folks that I know that -- and some I've gotten to know so well. I'd like to start with Jamiel, to tell just a quick story about how great your son was, perhaps what happened, so that other people can learn by it. I mean, your son was an incredible young man, incredible student and athlete. Tell us about your son, Jamiel.
END
3:14 P.M. EDT11:41 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you all for being here. Very much appreciated. We welcome you to the White House. Have you all been to the White House before? Have you been here before?
Q Yes.
THE PRESIDENT: That’s good. Well you guys have been -- most people say no. I’m very impressed with that count.
I’m thrilled to be joined by Governor Paul LePage, Kim Reynolds, Pete Ricketts and Bill Walker, along with state and tribal leaders from around our great country. I’d also like to thank Secretary Perry and EPA Administrator Pruitt -- both here also -- for their work to help the United States achieve true energy dominance. And that’s what’s happening. We’ve made so much progress with respect to energy just in the last four months. It’s been an incredible journey, I will tell you. We’ve learned a lot and we’ve made a lot -- we’re here to talk about how we can create new prosperity for our citizens by unlocking vast treasures of energy reserves, which we have a great deal -- far more than anyone understood.
I’m proud to have such a large gathering of tribal leaders here at the White House. I look forward to more government-to-government consultations with tribal leaders about the issues important to Indian Country. We love Indian Country, right?
Many of your lands have rich, natural resources that stand to benefit your people immensely. These untapped resources of wealth can help you build new schools, fix roads, improve your communities, and create jobs -- jobs like you’ve never seen before. All you want is the freedom to use them, and that’s been the problem. It’s been very difficult, hasn’t it? It will be a lot easier now under the Trump administration.
For too long the federal government has put up restrictions and regulations that put this energy wealth out of reach. It’s just totally out of reach. It’s been really restricted, the development itself has been restricted, and vast amounts of deposits of coal and other resources have, in a way, been taken out of your hands. And we’re going to have that changed. We’re going to put it back in your hands.
These infringements on tribal sovereignty are deeply unfair to Native Americans and Native American communities who are being denied access to the energy and wealth that they have on their own lands. Many of our states have also been denied access to the abundant energy resources on their lands that could bring greater wealth to the people and benefit to our whole nation. We’re becoming more and more energy dominant. I don’t want to be energy free, we want to be energy dominant in terms of the world.
From my first day in office, we’ve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy. Scott Pruitt has done an amazing job, an incredible job, in a very short period of time, and most people love him. There are a couple that don’t but that’s okay, right? (Laughter.) We’re also putting our people back to work by doing this.
Today’s conversation is a chance for these state, local, and tribal leaders to discuss how we can cooperate and support them even more in unleashing these domestic energy reserves. They’re tremendous reserves that we never appreciated, we never understood, but now we understand them very well.
I’m confident that working together we can usher in a golden age of American energy dominance, and the extraordinary financial and security benefits that it brings to us. So this means not only the Native Americans but all over the country. And we're seeing it more and more and it's happening more and more.
I just also want to tell you that, yesterday, we had a tremendous meeting with the Republican senators -- met on healthcare. And the meeting went really well. We're talking about a great, great form of healthcare. Obamacare is dying. It's essentially dead. If you don't give it the subsidy, it would die within 24 hours. It's been a headache for everybody. It's been a nightmare for many.
And we are looking at a healthcare that would be a fantastic tribute to our country; a healthcare that will take care of people, finally, for the right reasons, and also at the right cost. It would be a tremendous reduction in costs from what Obamacare is. Yesterday, in Alaska, a great state, they had a -- it was announced a 216 percent increase.
So we have a plan that, if we get it approved -- it's very tough. Every state is different, every senator is different. But I have to tell you, the Republican senators had a really impressive meeting yesterday at the White House. We had close to 50 of them. We have 52; we need almost all of them. That's never easy. But we had, essentially, 50 show up for the meeting, and the other two are on our side. I think we're going to get at least very close, and I think we're going to get it over the line. There was a great, great feeling in that room yesterday.
And what also came out is the fact that this healthcare would be so good, would be far better than Obamacare, and would be much less expensive for the people, and actually much less expensive, also, for the country. So those are a lot of good factors.
So we'll see what happens. We're working very hard. We've given ourselves a little bit more time to make it perfect. That's what we want to do. I think this has a chance to be a great healthcare at a reasonable cost. People can save a lot of money. We get rid of the mandates, we get rid of so much -- got rid of a lot of the taxes. All of the bad parts of Obamacare are gone. Essentially, it's a repeal-and-replace. And I look forward to working with the Republican senators over a short period of time. I know Rick is very excited about the healthcare that we're talking about.
SECRETARY PERRY: Actually, having these governors sitting around the table is a great example of it. And one of the things that -- I know Kim and Paul, they'd like to be able to put healthcare into place that they helped write and their citizens help write because I know these -- I don't know Bill that well, but my bet is he's the same. You give him the authority to take care of their citizens, they can have more people covered and do it at less cost. I am quite confident --
THE PRESIDENT: Well, we're sending a lot of it back to the states where it belongs. And this will be something really special if we can get it done. Always tough. It's probably the toughest subject from the standpoint of approval because every state is different. Every state has different needs. We have a tremendous opioid problem, and some states are more affected by that than others. But overall, I have to tell you, this will be a tremendous plan. It will really -- you're going to have a lot of very, very happy people in this country if we can get it done.
So we're working very hard on healthcare, and I think we're going to have a great answer. And hopefully, we're going to have it soon. And we will keep you informed. Thank you all very much. Thank you.
Q Mr. President, can you talk about the Medicaid cuts in the healthcare bill?
THE PRESIDENT: It's going to great. This will be great for everybody.
END
11:49 A.M. EDT4:08 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I thought I'd ask you folks to come say hello, and we'll discuss healthcare. We have really no choice but to solve this situation. Obamacare is a total disaster.
It's melting down as we speak. Rates are going up. In fact, it's very interesting, Lisa, that you're sitting next to me because, in Alaska, it was 206 percent -- a 206 percent increase in Alaska. And I used to use Arizona as the standard; that was 116 percent. So it's really meltdown, and we're going to try and solve the problem.
So I invited all of you, and I think we have either 52 out of 52, or 50 out of 52. And John, either one is pretty good, I think, as a percentage.
So we're going to talk and we're going to see what we can do. We're getting very close. But for the country, we have to have healthcare. And it can't be Obamacare, which is melting down. The other side is saying all sorts of things before they even knew what the bill was. This will be great if we get it done. And if we don't get it done, it's just going to be something that we're not going to like. And that's okay, and I understand that very well.
But I think we have a chance to do something very, very important for the public -- very, very important for the people of our country that we love.
So I'll ask the press to leave. I greatly appreciate you folks being here. We love you very much. You're very kind and very understanding. (Laughter.) But we will now ask you to leave. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.
Q Mr. President, what do you think of the Senate bill?
THE PRESIDENT: I think the Senate bill is going to be great. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Such an understanding lot.
END
4:10 P.M. EDT6:29 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Mr. Prime Minister, we’ll do the toasts as soon as the media leaves. (Laughter.) We’re going to have a very special toast, a very intimate toast. (Laughter.)
But again, I want to thank you and all of your representatives. It is such an honor to have you at the White House and in Washington. And we have had tremendous meetings today, tremendous success, and we enjoy a wonderful relationship, but it’s never been better than it is today.
And again, any time you’d like, we want to have you back as soon as possible. Thank you very much for being here.
PRIME MINISTER MODI: (As interpreted.) Well, Mr. President, let me express my gratitude for this invitation that was extended to me. It is true that I have spent a very short time over here, but really, I have felt so much at home during this stay in the United States.
And I am indeed also very grateful to the First Lady. She has organized this reception in my honor, and this honors not just me, but 1.25 billion people of India. So, once again, let me thank you and express my gratitude.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Thank you. You know, the Prime Minister was going to come here at a different time, but we worked out this time because they had elections in a section of India. And it’s just a small section, but we said, it’s the seventh largest country in the world, that small section of India. (Laughter.) So I said, you know what, this is a better day. (Laughter.) But it is great to have you.
Thank you very much. Thank you all for being here. Thank you very much.
PRIME MINISTER MODI: (As interpreted.) And to add icing to the cake is that in those elections, our party won.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Good.
PRIME MINISTER MODI: And after many years, we’ve got three-fourth majority in the state assembly.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: That’s fantastic. That’s a good win indeed. You won by a lot.
Thank you all. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much.
END
6:32 P.M. EDT5:31 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Prime Minister Modi, thank you for being here with us today. It’s a great honor to welcome the leader of the world’s largest democracy to the White House.
I have always had a deep admiration for your country and for its people, and a profound appreciation for your rich culture, heritage and traditions. This summer, India will celebrate the 70th anniversary of its independence, and on behalf of the United States, I want to congratulate the Indian people on this magnificent milestone in the life of your very, very incredible nation.
During my campaign, I pledged that if elected, India would have a true friend in the White House. And that is now exactly what you have -- a true friend. The friendship between the United States and India is built on shared values, including our shared commitment to democracy. Not many people know it, but both American and the Indian constitutions begin with the same three very beautiful words: We the people.
The Prime Minister and I both understand the crucial importance of those words, which helps to form the foundation of cooperation between our two countries. Relations between countries are strongest when they are devoted to the interests of the people we serve. And after our meetings today, I will say that the relationship between India and the United States has never been stronger, has never been better.
I’m proud to announce to the media, to the American people, and to the Indian people, that Prime Minister Modi and I are world leaders in social media -- (laughter) -- we’re believers -- giving the citizens of our countries the opportunity to hear directly from their elected officials, and for us to hear directly from them. I guess it’s worked very well in both cases.
I am thrilled to salute you, Prime Minister Modi, and the Indian people for all that you are accomplishing together. Your accomplishments have been vast. India has the fastest growing economy in the world. We hope we’re going to be catching you very soon in terms of percentage increase, I have to tell you that. We’re working on it.
In just two weeks, you will begin to implement the largest tax overhaul in your country’s history -- we’re doing that also, by the way -- creating great new opportunities for your citizens. You have a big vision for improving infrastructure, and you are fighting government corruption, which is always a grave threat to democracy.
Together, our countries can help chart an optimistic path into the future, one that unleashes the power of new technology, new infrastructure, and the enthusiasm and excitement of very hardworking and very dynamic people.
I look forward to working with you, Mr. Prime Minister, to create jobs in our countries, to grow our economies, and to create a trading relationship that is fair and reciprocal. It is important that barriers be removed to the export of U.S. goods into your markets, and that we reduce our trade deficit with your country.
I was pleased to learn about an Indian Airlines recent order of 100 new American planes, one of the largest orders of its kind, which will support thousands and thousands of American jobs. We’re also looking forward to exporting more American energy to India as your economy grows, including major long-term contracts to purchase American natural gas, which are right now being negotiated, and we will sign them. Trying to get the price up a little bit.
To further our economic partnership, I’m excited to report that the Prime Minister has invited my daughter, Ivanka, to lead the U.S. delegation to the Global Entrepreneurship Summit in India this fall. And I believe she has accepted.
Finally, the security partnership between the United States and India is incredibly important. Both our nations have been struck by the evils of terrorism, and we are both determined to destroy terrorist organizations and the radical ideology that drives them. We will destroy radical Islamic terrorism. Our militaries are working every day to enhance cooperation between our military forces. And next month, they will join together with the Japanese navy to take place in the largest maritime exercise ever conducted in the vast Indian Ocean.
I also thank the Indian people for their contributions to the effort in Afghanistan, and for joining us in applying new sanctions against the North Korean regime. The North Korean regime is causing tremendous problems and is something that has to be dealt with, and probably dealt with rapidly.
Working together, I truly believe our two countries can set an example for many other nations, make great strides in defeating common threats, and make great progress in unleashing amazing prosperity and growth.
Prime Minister Modi, thank you again for joining me today, and for visiting our country and our wonderful White House and Oval Office. I enjoyed our very productive conversation this afternoon, and look forward to its continuation tonight at dinner. The future of our partnership has never looked brighter. India and the United States will always be tied together in friendship and respect.
Prime Minister Modi, thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. (Applause.)
PRIME MINISTER MODI: (As interpreted.) President Donald Trump and First Lady, Vice President, ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen of the media: Right from the opening tweet to the end of our talks, President Trump's welcome, which was filled with friendliness, his warm welcome to the White House by himself and the First Lady, I would like to thank both of you from the bottom of my heart for this warm welcome.
I would also like to give a special thanks to you, President Trump, for having spent so much time with me, for having spoken such kind words about me and my country. And I would like to tell you that I'm eager to welcome your daughter to India for the Entrepreneurship Summit.
President Trump, I'd once again like to thank you for the time that you have spent with me. I'd like to give you special thanks for that.
My visit and our talks today will mark a very important page in the history of the collaboration and cooperation between our two nations. The talks between his Excellency, President Trump, and myself today have been extremely important from all points of view, for several reasons: Because they were based on mutual trust; because of the convergence and similarities they revealed in our values, and our priorities, and in our concerns and interests; because they focused on the highest levels of achievement in our cooperation, and mutual support, and partnership; because our two countries are global engines of growth; because the all-around or comprehensive economic growth and joint progress of both countries and both societies is the main objective for both the President and myself, and will remain so; because the top priority for both President Trump and myself is to protect our society from global challenges like terrorism; and because our aim is the strengthening of India and the USA -- two great democracies in the world -- friends.
Our robust strategic partnership is such that it touches upon almost all areas of human endeavor. In our conversation today, President Trump and I have discussed all dimensions of India-U.S. relations at length. Both nations are committed to a bilateral architecture that will take our strategic partnership to new heights.
In this relationship, in both countries, increased productivity, growth, job creation, and breakthrough technologies -- an engagement towards all these are, and will remain, strong drivers of our cooperation, and will give further momentum to our relationship.
We consider the USA as our primary partner for India's social and economic transformation in all our flagship programs and schemes. I am sure that the convergence between my vision for a "new India and President Trump's vision for "making America great again" will add new dimensions to our cooperation.
I am very clear about the fact that India's interests lie in a strong, and prosperous, and successful America. In the same way, India's development and its growing role at the international level are in the USA's interest.
One of our common priorities will be the development of trade, commerce, and investment links. And in this regard, in the technology, innovation, and knowledge-economy sectors, the expansion and deepening of cooperation is also among our priorities. Towards this end, we shall take steps to further strengthen our successful digital partnership.
Friends, we are not just partners by chance. We are also partners in dealing with current and future challenges that we may be faced with. Today, during our meeting, we discussed the serious challenges of terrorism, extremism, and radicalization, which are the major challenges facing the world today. And we have agreed to enhance our cooperation in fighting against these scourges. Fighting terrorism and doing away with the safe shelters, sanctuaries, and safe havens will be an important part of our cooperation.
With respect to our common concerns on terrorism, we will also enhance our sharing of intelligence, and exchange information to deepen and expand our policy coordination as far as possible.
We also spoke at length on regional issues. The increasing instability, due to terrorism, in Afghanistan is one of our common concerns. Both India and America have played an important role in rebuilding Afghanistan and ensuring its security. In order to attain our objectives for peace and stability in Afghanistan, we will maintain close consultation and communication with the U.S. to enhance coordination between our two nations.
In the Indo-Pacific region, in order to maintain peace, stability, and prosperity in the region, this is also another objective of our strategic cooperation in this area. The increasing possibilities for enhancing cooperation in order to protect our strategic interests will continue to determine the dimensions of our partnership. We will continue to work with the USA in this region.
With regard to security-related challenges, our enhanced and growing defense and security cooperation is extremely important. We have spoken at length on this subject as well.
The strengthening of India’s defense capabilities, with the help of USA, is something that we truly appreciate. We have also decided to enhance maritime security cooperation between the two nations. President Trump and I have also spoken about strengthening bilateral defense technology and our trade and manufacturing partnership, which we believe will be mutually beneficial to us.
We also discussed international issues and our common strategic interests. In this context, we are extremely grateful for the continued support of the United States for India’s membership of international institutions and regimes. We truly appreciate the support, because this is also in the interest of both our nations.
President Trump, I thank you for your feelings of friendship towards India and myself. I deeply appreciate your strong commitment to the enhancement of our bilateral relations. I am sure that under your leadership, our mutually beneficial strategic partnership will gain new strength, new positivity, and will reach new heights, and that your vast and successful experience in the business world will lend an aggressive and forward-looking agenda to our relations.
In this journey of India-America relations, I think I would like to thank you for providing great leadership. Be assured that in this joint journey of our two nations towards development, growth and prosperity, I will remain a driven, determined, and decisive partner.
Excellency, my visit today and the extensive talks I have held with you have been very successful, very fruitful. And before leaving this mic, I would like to invite you to India, along with your family. And I hope that you will give me the opportunity to welcome you and host you in India.
And at the end, once again, I’d like to thank you for the warm welcome extended by you and the First Lady to myself and my delegation, from the bottom of my heart. Thank you. (Applause.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much, everybody. I appreciate it. Thank you.
END
5:51 P.M. EDTYour browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript:
My fellow Americans,
Millions of families across our nation are suffering under the disaster known as Obamacare. Traveling throughout our country over the last two years, I have met so many of these wonderful Americans, and I have never forgotten their stories.
In Wisconsin, I recently met a proud Veteran and his wife – Michael and Tammy Kushman. When they were forced onto Obamacare and the exchange in 2015, they thought they would be able to keep their doctor-but they couldn't. They thought they would be able to keep their plan – but they weren't allowed. They were told their premiums would go down – but instead, they soared by 120 percent upward. It was one Obamacare lie after another. Today, the Kushmans spend $1,400 dollars a month on health insurance – nearly one-fourth of their entire net monthly income.
On the same visit, I met another family, Robert and Sarah Stoll. Robert is a volunteer captain for his local fire department. After their Obamacare premiums nearly doubled, they needed extra money and Sarah had no choice but to leave retirement to pay their bills. But this new income meant they were no longer eligible for the tax credit they had once received, and the federal government actually forced them to repay thousands and thousands of dollars.
These families and so many others are victims of a catastrophic law that is wreaking havoc on our healthcare system and our families.
Democrats in Congress created this calamity and now, if we don't act, millions more Americans will be hurt by Obamacare's deepening death spiral.
Americans were promised lower premiums, more choices, and better access. Instead, premiums have doubled nationwide – and insurers are still fleeing the market that Obamacare has nearly destroyed. Americans in nearly one-third of all counties have only one insurer to choose from on the exchanges – and many markets may soon have no insurers at all. It really is a disaster.
The American people are calling out for relief, and my administration is determined to provide it – and we are working with Congress to get a bill to my desk so we can rescue Americans from this catastrophe.
As families across the nation continue to suffer under this law, I only hope that Democrats in Congress will have the political courage to help fix what we know to be a catastrophic situation – a total disaster – that they have created. To be part of the solution, instead of obstructing – always obstructing – change, blocking reform, and doubling-down on Obamacare's failure.
But no matter what, my Administration will never stop fighting for you – and for the healthcare system that you deserve. We’ll get it done. Even if we don’t have any help from the Democrats, we’ll get it done.
Thank you, God bless you, and God bless America.East Room
11:57 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. (Applause.) Thank you very much, everybody. That's really greatly appreciated.
And thank you to Secretary Shulkin for that introduction and for your really tireless efforts, David, to protect those who have really been protecting all of us for so long. There great, great people. And you know I'm talking about, right? Congratulations.
In just a short time, we’ve already achieved transformative change at the VA -- and believe me, we’re just getting started. We have so many people that have been so helpful right here in the room -- Tom and all my friends. It's been fantastic. The enthusiasm for the Veterans Administration and for making it right for our great veterans has been incredible. And I want to thank all of them.
One of my greatest honors and joys during the presidential campaign was the time I spent going all across the country with our nation’s really and truly incredible veterans. In their courage, their dignity, and their selfless sacrifice, they represent the very best of us. Our veterans have fulfilled their duty to this nation -- and now we must fulfill our duty to them.
So to every veteran who is here with us today, I just want to say two very simple words: Thank you. Thank you. (Applause.) Thank you. You are the warriors and heroes who have won our freedom -- and we will never forget what you have done for all of us -- ever.
As you all know all too well, for many years the government failed to keep its promises to our veterans. We all remember the nightmare that veterans suffered during the VA scandals that were exposed a few years ago. Veterans were put on secret waitlists, given the wrong medication, given the bad treatments, and ignored in moments of crisis for them. Many veterans died waiting for a simple doctor’s appointments. What happened was a national disgrace.
And yet, some of the employees involved in these scandals remained on the payrolls. Outdated laws kept the government from holding those who failed our veterans accountable. Today, we are finally changing those laws -- wasn’t easy, but we did have some fantastic help -- to make sure that the scandal of what we suffered so recently never, ever happens again -- and that our veterans can get the care they so richly deserve.
So you just heard from Sergeant Michael Verardo. I didn’t get to shake your hand, Michael. Huh? Get up, Michael. (Applause.) He gets up better than I do. (Laughter.) Thank you, Michael.
Michael lost two limbs in defending our country -- and yet he had to wait 57 days to get his prosthetic leg repaired -- that's a long time, Michael -- and over three-and-half years for modifications to make his house more accessible. What happened to Michael is happening to many, but it's rarely happening under our leadership and David’s leadership anymore. That I can tell you.
Our Wounded Warriors have given everything they have to this nation -- and we owe them everything we have in return. And we're taking care of it. Today, we are taking a very historic action to transform the VA by enacting the VA Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act. This was not easy. This was not an easy one. And it's one that they wanted to do -- Michael, you know -- for a long time. For many years, couldn't get it done. We got it done.
This is one of the largest reforms to the VA in its history. It's a reform that I campaigned on, and now I am thrilled to be able to sign that promise into law.
VA accountability is essential to making sure that our veterans are treated with the respect they have so richly earned through their blood, sweat and tears. This law will finally give the VA Secretary -- who is, by the way, just doing some job, and he’s doing it with this and with the heart. (Applause.)
It gives the Secretary the authority to remove federal employees who fail and endanger our veterans -- and to do so quickly and effectively. It's been a long time since you’ve heard those words. Those entrusted with the sacred duty of serving our veterans will be held accountable for the care they provide. It's a big statement.
At the same time, this bill protects whistleblowers who do the right thing. We want to reward, cherish, and promote the many dedicated employees at the VA. This legislation also gives the VA Secretary the authority to appoint new medical directors at VA hospitals -- something which was almost impossible to do in the past. And these are going to be talented, talented people.
I applaud Chairman Phil Roe and the members of Congress here with us today -- which we have many -- who fought so hard for this legislation. And I want them up here when I sign. And I just want to thank the members of Congress. They have been really dedicated to getting this done. It was not easy for them either. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you.
Our very sincere gratitude as well to the veteran service organizations who have joined us for this tremendous occasion -- and for everything they do for the veterans -- and for so long. They’ve been fighting for this and other things so long -- and by the way, other things are happening. We've done a lot. This is a big one. We have a lot of good ones coming.
I also want to express our appreciation for Secretary Shulkin, who is implementing the dramatic reform throughout the VA. It's got to be implemented. If it's not properly implemented it will never mean the same thing. But I have no doubt it will be properly implemented. Right, David? Better be, David. (Applause.) We'll never have to use those words. (Laughter.) We'll never have to use those words on our David. (Laughter.) We will never use those words on you, that's for sure. (Laughter.)
That one never fails, does it, Tom? (Laughter.)
Since my first day in office, we’ve taken one action after another to ensure our veterans -- and make sure, have to make sure -- that they get world-class care and the kind of care that they've been promised by so many different people for so many years. We've created a new Office of Accountability at the VA, which will empower -- and really has been empowered by this legislation. We’ve launched a new website that publishes wait times at every VA hospital. We’ve delivered same-day mental health services at all 168 VA medical centers. That's a big operation when you think of it.
We’ve announced that the VA will finally solve a problem that has plagued our government for decades -- seamlessly transferring veterans’ medical records from the Department of Defense to the Department of Veterans Affairs. (Applause.)
That doesn’t sound like such a big deal. It is -- believe. That was a big one. We thought this would be easy, but the people, like David and all that have been here and understand the system, he said that's going to be a tough one. We got it done. So that was a good one. But it is something we're very proud to have been able to do it this quickly.
I've also signed the Veterans Choice Improvement Act so that more veterans can see the doctor of their choice. Already this year, using the Choice Program, veterans have received nearly double the number of approvals to see the doctor of their choosing.
And this is only the beginning. We will not rest until the job is 100 percent complete for our great veterans. (Applause.) We can all be inspired by the story of a retired Air Force veteran, named Earl Morse, who served as a physician’s assistant at the VA Centers in Ohio and Indiana.
Thirteen years ago, Earl began asking his patients if they planned to visit the new World War II Memorial -- which is beautiful -- right here in Washington, D.C.
Nearly all said they planned to visit. But when he saw these patients at their next appointment, almost none of them had made the trip.
One day, he had an idea -- Earl is a private pilot. He asked one of his patients, who was a World War II veteran, if he could fly with him to the memorial. He was so honored to do it. The 80-year-old veteran wept; openly cried. He never imagined he would see that beautiful monument to his service. That is how the first Honor Flight was born. Honor Flight -- a very beautiful thing.
Since then, over 100,000 veterans have been greeted with cheers of gratitude as they arrive in our nation’s capital. We want all of American veterans -- all of them, every one of them -- to experience and to at least have the opportunity to experience that same gratitude every time they walk into the VA.
That’s what today is all about: keeping our promises to those who have kept us free, kept us happy, saved our lives and saved our families.
So I just want to thank you, our incredible veterans. We stand with you. We salute you. And with this new legislation, we strive to better support and serve you every single day.
Thank you. God bless you. God bless our veterans. And God bless America. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
(Moves to signing desk.)
So this is something that we are all very proud to be signing. It's a tremendous honor for me. It's a tremendous honor for everybody on stage. And we're taking care of our veterans, and we're taking care of them properly.
Thank you, David. Congratulations. Thank you again.
(The bill is signed.)
END
12:17 P.M. EDT7:27 P.M. EDT
THE VICE PRESIDENT: To all the members of the House of Representatives and the United States Senate, to all of the families of those who serve, to all of the friends who are gathered here, on behalf of the First Family, Karen and I are honored to welcome you to the 2017 White House Picnic in the Park. (Applause.) It’s Central Park on the South Lawn.
We especially are grateful to the leadership -- the House and Senate in both parties that are so well represented here today. Would you join me in thanking Senator John Cornyn and Senator Dick Durbin for representing the Senate leadership tonight? (Applause.) We’re honored you’re here. And thank you to Cathy McMorris Rodgers, Kevin McCarthy, and Speaker Paul Ryan from the House of Representatives for joining us. Thank you so much. (Applause.)
As a matter of fact, could we just give a big round of applause to all the men and women who serve in the Congress of the United States? (Applause.) Tonight is about saying thank you. (Applause.)
You know our family has lots of memories at the White House picnic. The first time we came here, our two daughters were six and seven years old. Now they’re standing right over here. One is 22 and one will turn 24 years old this Sunday -- Audrey and Charlotte are with us today.
The White House picnic for us is always about family. It’s always about being able to leave politics outside the gate and being able to get together with the families of those who serve in both political parties. And on behalf of the First Family we thank you for continuing this wonderful bipartisan tradition tonight on this beautiful evening in our nation’s capital.
So with good food, good fellowship, and quite a view, join me in welcoming to the podium our host for this evening -- First Lady Melania Trump and the 45th President of the United States of America, President Donald Trump. (Cheers.)
THE PRESIDENT: This is so beautiful. Wow.
Thank you, Vice President Pence. Thank you, Karen. You’ve been such a tremendous help to me, both of you, and we very much appreciate it. And Melania, myself, we’ve become great friends. Great job, really great job. Thank you. (Applause.)
This has truly become, as you know, a wonderful tradition. It’s the very first Congressional Picnic that Melania and I have the pleasure of hosting, so I hope you enjoy it. I hope you enjoy it. We’ve gotten to know many of you over the last weeks and months and developed many friendships with politicians. Can you believe it? (Laughter.) And some really great people, I have to say -- mostly, mostly. A couple of bad ones but that’s okay. (Laughter.) But we’re honored to host you at the White House and privileged to count you as our very close friends -- so many.
Tonight our thoughts and prayers remain with one friend who is not here. A man that we have all come to know and respect, and to love -- Congressman Steve Scalise. (Applause.) The outpouring of support for Steve and his family has been truly inspiring.
We are so touched that joining us here this evening are Steve and Jennifer’s children, Harrison and Madison. (Applause.) Beautiful children. In fact, we just gave them a tour of the White House. Just gave them a beautiful tour of the White House. They got the A tour. (Laughter.) You know, sometimes we give the B, the C, the D -- and the F tour is just like, here it is, let’s get out of here. (Laughter.) We gave them the A tour. And I want them to know that the whole country is praying for their courageous dad, and all of us are praying for them.
It's been amazing. The recovery is going, now, well. For two days, they were saying it's really tough. But today, I can report things are looking very, very good. So we're very happy about that. (Applause.)
I also want to give a very special thanks to Special Agents Griner and Bailey of the Capitol Police -- (applause) -- lucky they were there -- for their lifesaving actions. And all of the members of Congress -- a lot of brave people in Congress who acted in those moments of danger and protected each other. They cared for the wounded. They shielded the vulnerable. And they really did put their own safety aside. So I want to thank some of those people who were really very, very brave. We would have never maybe found out about them except we got to see them in action. So now we know for sure. But we want to thank them. There was a great deal of bravery on behalf of everybody. (Applause.)
And you know, Agents Griner and Bailey, they came rushing in from the outfield. Somebody with a rifle, and they had handguns. That's not a good deal. But one of those bullets struck at the right place and that was really -- that was really incredible -- or that would have been a far worse morning. Believe me. So we want to thank them.
America is also filled with pride over the display of character and sportsmanship at the congressional baseball game. I heard it was very special. I wanted to go there, but our folks from Secret Service said maybe we better take a pass. I wanted to be there so badly, you have no idea. But I spent a little time at the hospital instead with Steve. (Applause.)
It's our hope that this unity that was displayed that evening can maybe continue to grow and thrive between Republicans and Democrats. And I think, honestly, I think we’d all be doing a lot better, and I know the country would be doing a lot better. (Applause.)
The American people have entrusted us with great responsibility, and I know that we will prove worthy of the trust they have placed in each of us. I'm hopeful that the spirit of cooperation that we've seen in recent days will deepen as we move forward. I really believe it's something that can happen. Maybe it's too early. Maybe the wounds are too deep in terms of the relationship -- because it's been bad for a long time, long time. Not just when we got there. I mean, this has gone on for many years. And hopefully those wounds can heal, and heal quickly, because we owe it to the American people.
Tonight let us enjoy the company of friends and the comfort of our loved ones. And tomorrow, let us continue to do the people’s bidding and create the optimistic future our citizens so richly deserve.
I want to thank you all for being here tonight. It's a very special evening. Beautiful evening. And I just want to say God bless you, and God bless America.
Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
END
7:36 P.M. EDT11:04 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Good morning, everybody. Very nice to have you here. It's a great honor. So many of you I recognize, and others I do from reading business magazines and other magazines. You've done very well. You're very representative of your group.
And, Jeff, congratulations on a great career.
MR. IMMELT: Thank you very much.
THE PRESIDENT: A great career. I was sad to hear it in one way, and in another way I said, boy, what a good job.
MR. IMMELT: Thank you very much.
THE PRESIDENT: So I know whatever you're going to be doing -- that's a long time over there. I've known you a long time in that company. I've done deals with that company, and you were there, right? A lot of good friends like Dale Frey and John Myers. We had a good time at GE.
Good morning, everyone. Thank you for being here and for giving us a chance to see some of the really exciting new technology that you've pioneered that will help improve so many millions of lives.
I want to thank my Office of Science and Technology -- and this has been a great office; they have done such incredible work -- for organizing today's event and for bringing these wonderful business leaders -- and they are at the top -- together to talk about the importance of emerging technologies.
I want to thank Secretary Ross for joining us today. Wilbur, thank you very much. And we just got back from Iowa last night. A big speech in Iowa. That was an amazing group of people. Those people were excited. I guess most people saw it, but they were excited. Wilbur has done a fantastic job, and I want to thank you very much for it, Wilbur. Everybody understands it. Wilbur, as Jeff -- as you know -- Wilbur is known as just "Wilbur" on Wall Street. They don’t even call him Wilbur Ross. They just say, oh, Wilbur is involved -- right? He's done a great job. Thank you.
And, Mr. Vice President, thank you very much for being here. We've had some busy schedules, and we have a thing called healthcare that you may hear is percolating in the outside, as we've discussed. And I think it's going to come out. Obamacare is a disaster; it's dead. Totally dead. And we're putting in a plan today that's going to be negotiated. We'd love to have some Democrat support, but they're obstructionists. They'll never support. We won't get one, no matter how good it is. But we will hopefully get something done, and it will be something with heart and very meaningful.
And, Steve, it's great to have you here, by the way. Really good. You've done a great job. I always say you got a hell of a lot of money for that sale. I don’t think you've been given enough -- I mean, I don’t think you were ever given enough credit for the deal you did for your shareholders. What a deal that was.
Too many years of excessive government regulation. We have had regulation that's been so bad, so out of line that it's really hurt our country. And as you see, on a daily basis we're getting rid of regulation. In fact, Dodd-Frank is now being cut and cut very substantially. We'll have tremendous safeguards, but we're going to have banks that are going to be able to loan money to people so they can open businesses and do what they used to be able to do in this country.
My administration has been laser-focused on removing the government barriers to job growth and prosperity. We formed a deregulation taskforce inside every agency to find and eliminate wasteful, intrusive, and job-killing regulations, of which we've had many.
We want our innovators to dream big, like the folks around me and surrounding me in this room. And we want them to create new companies and to create lots of jobs. Your industry has been incredible. Your representation of your companies -- is the reason you're here -- has been something that has created so many millions of new American jobs, and probably jobs in many other countries, also. But we're interested right now in America first.
We're on the verge of new technological revolutions that could improve, virtually, every aspect of our lives, create vast new wealth for American workers and families, and open up bold, new frontiers in science, medicine, and communication.
Today's conversation will move America one step closer to that bright future that we're all talking about and all longing for in your world. I would love to hear about the discussions you've had this morning with our team, the White House, and get your thoughts on ways government can help unleash the next generation of technological breakthroughs that will transform our lives and transform our country, and make us number one in this field. This is a very, very competitive field. You see what's going on in China and so many other countries. And we want to remain number one. We want to go to number one in certain areas where we're not number one. And we're going to give you the competitive advantage that you need.
So thank you all very much for being here. On behalf of myself and my great Vice President, it's been a meeting that we actually both looked very much forward to attending.
END
11:10 A.M. EDTKirkwood Community College
Cedar Rapids, Iowa
6:16 P.M. CDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. I just learned more about farming than I ever thought I'd learn. What a good place. I love it. I want to thank also Dean Scott Ermer along with the students and faculty at Kirkwood Community College for hosting us. What a beautiful place. We're here today to talk about how we're going to empower America’s farmers and protect our nation’s proud farming legacy, including ethanol, which I've done. (Applause.) Family farmers are the backbone of America, and my administration will always support the farmer.
I want to begin by congratulating Iowa’s new governor, Kim Reynolds. Where's Kim? (Applause.) I'm so proud of Kim. I've known Kim for a long time, and her husband. And I said, you know, one of the other things I get with Terry, by moving him out, Kim becomes governor and Terry can take on China. (Applause.) That's not bad. She is doing a great job.
Thanks also to Lieutenant Governor Adam Gregg -- (applause) -- and Iowa Secretary of Agriculture, a man who's been to so many of my stops, Bill Northey. (Applause.) Thank you, Bill. Thank you for all that support. And Congressman -- a very popular guy -- Rod Blum, doing a fantastic job in Washington. (Applause.)
All right, so, most importantly, I have to say -- they will all agree -- he's a great friend of mine, with an incredible family, a very talented son, Eric -- that I can tell you -- but I'm really, truly proud. I wanted to be here for this reason -- to congratulate your former governor, our new ambassador to China, Terry Branstad. (Applause.)
Terry is a true legend. The people of Iowa first made him governor in 1983. You elected him six times and made him the longest-serving governor of any state in the history of America. That's not bad. (Applause.)
Under Terry, Iowa’s economy is stronger, its farmers more successful, its schools better, its communities more prosperous, and its citizens safer. And I want to tell you that's three decades. This is one great man. He's been in politics for more than three decades. And we're going to keep him there -- I don’t know, do we consider ambassadors politicians? Not really, in the true sense. So perhaps we sort pulled you out. But he's going to be a doing a job.
I'll tell you one quick story with Terry. When I was campaigning in Iowa, Terry would always say, "Do me favor -- don’t say anything bad about China." (Laughter.) See, in that day -- in those days, he didn’t call me "Mr. President" -- he'd say "Donald." He'd say, "Donald, don’t say anything bad about China." I said, why? He said, "We have a great relationship with China, and I like it, and I really like President Xi," who he knew for 30-some-odd years.
And it really dawned on me when I was thinking about ambassadors. I said, boy, wouldn’t it be great if I picked a man that really likes China and, by the way, China really likes him? (Applause.)
So that was an easy one. I called him up, and I said, you know, I think after 24 years it's maybe time for a change, so let me just steal you. I also knew about Kim, and Kim has been a great supporter and friend, and so I knew that that was going to be taken care of very nicely. So we're really happy and really proud of Terry. You know, his legacy will endure for a long, long time in this state. He loves this state and the people so much. And together, we all join to express our deep gratitude to Terry for everything he has done for Iowa and for its people.
Mr. Ambassador, thank you very much. And have a good time in China. (Applause.)
AMBASSADOR BRANSTAD: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much.
For a farm kid from Iowa, my life's ambition was to serve the people as governor. I never imagined in my wildest dreams that President Trump would ask me to represent all of the United States of America in China. I will do my very best.
Mr. President, first of all, I want to congratulate you on your leadership. We've been trying to get American beef in China for 13 years, and you've already got it done. (Applause.) And there's more to come!
I am honored and proud to represent the United States of America and President Trump in the People's Republic of China. And I hope a lot of you will come to see us.
Thank you. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Great guy. Ambassador Branstad will be serving in Beijing, but he’s going to be fighting for American farmers and for American workers and for Americans. And there's nobody I can think of that can do a better job or a more effective job.
So, Terry, go out there. He'll be joining Secretary of Agriculture -- somebody you all know very well -- the legendary, Sonny Perdue -- (applause) -- and a man who is another legend on Wall Street -- truly a legend; they just call him Wilbur. How about Wall Street? (Applause.) Where Wall Street is big and strong, he's just known as Wilbur. It's Wilbur Ross. Wilbur Ross, Secretary of Commerce. Pretty good on Wall Street. When they just say, "I hear Wilbur is going to be Secretary of Commerce" -- Carl Icahn called me. He said, "Donald, I heard you got Wilbur." That was it. It wasn’t "Wilbur Ross." But there's Wilbur Ross, and he's going a fantastic job.
And also working along with Wilbur is U.S. Trade Ambassador Robert Lighthizer, another phenomenal talent. And I told you about fair trade. I told you about free trade. I told you about trade. We have the best in the world on our side now, finally, after watching for many, many decades what's been happening, with trade deficits that are beyond anything that anybody could imagine -- hundreds of billions of dollars. And now we have the right people on our side.
So, Wilbur, go out and do it. Robert, go out and do it. We'll all have a good time together. And you know what? The world is going to like us even better, believe it or not.
So they're going to be representing -- (applause) -- they're going to be representing America's interests and delivering historic wins for our farmers and our factory workers, and our workers generally.
And I have to tell you, last night was very exciting.
Karen Handel and Ralph -- Ralph Norman. (Applause.) Ralph Norman. I spoke to Ralph today. He won a great event. Now, a lot of people didn’t show up to vote because they said, well, he's going to win by so much. It got a little bit tighter than he thought. (Laughter.) Sometimes when they think you're going to win by too much, I wouldn’t say that's so good. Next time we're going to say it's going to be really close. But he still won easily. But what a fantastic guy he is. And between the two of them, that was a big night.
So we're 5-0 in special elections -- 5-0. (Applause.) 5-0. And I watched the faces on those newscasters, in many cases, and they were going, oh, this is going to be a big night; this will be great humiliation for President Trump if she doesn’t make it. Well, they weren’t thinking in terms of Ralph so much. In all fairness, Ralph sort of said he felt like the forgotten man last night.
But this will be tremendous humiliation -- they built these studios; they built everything. They were set. Believe me, had our wonderful candidate lost, this would have been one of the great, big stories in the history of American politics. Those studios would have been up for weeks. They would have been talking for weeks about this tremendous defeat. And after it said projected winner was sort of -- they just sort of slinked out of there. (Laughter.) They slinked out.
One of them actually said, well, maybe it was the weather. You know, it was drizzling. A little bit like this, but a little bit less. It was drizzling. Did you hear that one, Ambassador? It was drizzling. Maybe that was the difference.
And won by a lot. Won by a lot. So we're very happy. And she's going to be -- Karen is going to be a great person in Congress. And we have some incredible people and we're doing some really wonderful things, including the taxes are coming along and the healthcare is coming along. (Applause.)
And we have Gary Cohn, the President of Goldman Sachs, who left Goldman Sachs and a slightly higher salary than he's getting right now by, like, hundreds of millions of dollars -- like by a lot. (Laughter.) Where's Gary? He's around here someplace. And Gary is working on some incredible plans -- not only taxes, but we're going to be rebuilding our country. We're going to do things in terms of infrastructure that we need. Our roads, our highways, our bridges, our schools, our airports.
We spent, as of a few months ago, $6 trillion -- trillion -- in the Middle East. We have nothing. We're back further than we were 16 years ago when this whole thing started -- $6 trillion. And if you want to spend three and half dollars to build a school, or you want to build -- you want to spend any money in this country, it's like a big deal. But we spent $6 trillion in the Middle East. And we're going to get that whole situation under control.
That's not an easy one. I was dealt a very difficult hand, believe me, when I took over, between North Korea, the Middle East -- you look at Afghanistan, what's going on there. This was a tough hand. But you put me there for a reason, and I think you're going to be very happy with the end result, believe me. (Applause.)
American farmers and ranchers are the best -- absolute best at what they do. And they can compete anywhere if they are given a level playing field. They're not given that level playing field because of our terrible, terrible trade deals. And we're going to start doing much better. You produce the product, but you have to work too hard and too long to make a living.
We're cracking down on foreign trading abuses; making it easier to produce and grow in America; eliminating job-killing regulations all over the place -- (applause) -- and we're training our great American workers.
That's why it's so important to support schools like Kirkwood, which are helping to train young people in cutting-edge new technologies that will make American agriculture greater and more productive than ever before.
Farming -- which is something that is very beautiful to me. I'm not a farmer, but I'd be very happy to be one. It's a very beautiful world to me. And it's a truly noble American profession. Today, we're celebrating the dignity of work and the greatness of the American farmer and the American worker.
George Washington once wrote: “I'd rather be on my farm than be emperor of the world.” We understand that. Especially after I've spent all this time in Washington, I can really understand. (Laughter.)
I want to make sure the next generation of Americans has that opportunity as well. And, in particular, that includes your children and your grandchildren, and working very hard to get rid of the death tax so that those farms can be passed on. (Applause.) Very, very hard to get rid of that. We're working very hard so your farms can be passed on to your children and your grandchildren. And they'll keep them going and they'll run them with love.
We want to eliminate the intrusive rules that undermine your ability to earn a living, and we will protect the corn-based ethanol and biofuels that power our country. (Applause.) And you remember, during the campaign, I made that promise. And I also made a promise, I'm coming back. And here I am. And that promise has been kept. (Applause.) And even Terry is clapping about that one, but he was fighting very hard for that, believe me.
For the past two weeks, my administration has been working extensively on vocational education, infrastructure, and technology. Here, at this great facility, we have just seen fantastic examples of how vocational training in new technologies can help make American farming even more productive so we can compete and win, win, win on the world stage.
We saw how today’s farmers can adjust application rates of fertilizers in their fields with just the touch of a smartphone. It's changed a lot over the years.
They showed us how they use precision agriculture to produce crops more efficiently and for far less cost. They’ve demonstrated how drones, of all things, are used to gather data on crops, and how simulators are used to train students in the next generation of farming equipment. If we continue to train our workers in these new technologies, then we will usher in a new era of prosperity for American agriculture and for the American farming family.
We must also ensure that these students have the broadband Internet access they need in order to succeed and thrive in this new and very modern and very changed economy and world. That is why I will be including a provision in our infrastructure proposal -- $1 trillion proposal -- you'll be seeing it very shortly -- to promote and foster enhanced broadband access for rural America also. (Applause.) We know that Wall Street wants it very badly, but you know what else? The farmers also want it. And you're going to have it.
We have to make sure American farmers and their families, wherever they may be, wherever they may go, have the infrastructure projects that they need to compete and grow. And I mean grow against world competition, because that's who you're up against now.
We will rebuild rural America. (Applause.) American farmers -- (applause) -- thank you -- American farmers pour their hearts into their crops and their love into their great communities. That’s why they call this the Heartland. And those maps, those electoral maps, they were all red. Beautiful red. (Laughter.) Beautiful. (Applause.) If you look at those maps, it's almost like -- wow. A lot places that people weren't thinking about turned red. A couple of little blue dots on the sides, but they are red -- farmers.
And our farmers’ work ethic feeds America, and their toughness and grit define America. They're tough and they're smart. (Applause.) Our rich and abundant soil provides more than a living; it provides a beautiful way of life for a lot of people. Today we honor and treasure this noble history, and embrace the new technology that will power this industry well into the future. With incredible leaders and students like all of you, I know that the future of American farming has never looked brighter. Believe me. And with me as your President, it's going to be that way, I will tell you that. (Applause.)
So it's a great honor to be here with you today. People that I know, people that I love, very special people; the people of Iowa that were so good to me during the election. So many friends. I want to thank you for being here.
God bless you and God bless America. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
6:36 P.M. CDT11:09 A.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. It's a great honor to be with President Poroshenko of the Ukraine -- a place that we've all been very much involved in. And you've been seeing it and everybody has been reading about it.
And we've had some very, very good discussions. It's going to continue throughout the day. And I think a lot of progress has been made. And it's a great honor to have you, Mr. President. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Would you like to say something?
PRESIDENT POROSHENKO: That's a great honor and a great pleasure to be together with you, Mr. President -- one of the most reliable supporters and partners -- strategic partners for Ukraine.
We're really fighting to bring freedom and democracy with your very strong support in security and defense -- support of our defense, support of my 45 million nation, of the country who is the biggest in the European continent. And I'm absolutely confident that Ukraine is a story of success. I'm proud to have you, Mr. President, and United States as a co-sponsor to this story of success.
And we very much admire of your leadership, of your very effective steps, because today includes two historic days -- five months of your presidency and -- when we launched the first peace plan -- peace plan of Ukraine. And I'm absolutely confident that our effective coordination will bring the peace to our nation, to our land, and can support our territorial integrity and sovereignty.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you. It's a great honor. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Q How will you respond to the death of Otto Warmbier?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I think Otto -- it's a disgrace what happened to Otto. It's a total disgrace what happened to Otto. That should never, ever be allowed to happen. And frankly, if he were brought home sooner, I think the result would have been a lot different. He should have been brought home that same day. The result would have been a lot different.
But what happened to Otto is a disgrace. And I spoke with his family. His family is incredible, what they've gone through. But he should have been brought home a long time ago.
Thank you all very much. I appreciate it.
END
11:11 A.M. EDT5:22 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. It’s great to have you at the White House. And I just wanted to pass on word -- Otto Warmbier has just passed away. He spent a year and a half in North Korea. A lot of bad things happened. But at least we got him home to be with his parents, where they were so happy to see him, even though he was in very tough condition. But he just passed away a little while ago. It’s a brutal regime, and we’ll be able to handle it.
But I want to thank you all for being here, special people. I’m really thrilled to welcome many of you for the first time, and certainly the first time meeting as the American Technology Council. We’re joined by an incredible group of leaders on the absolute cutting edge of innovation, including many CEOs from the world’s most successful businesses.
We have approximately $3.5 trillion of market value in this room -- but that’s almost the exact number that we’ve created since my election. (Laughter.) In fact, I think we have you beat by a little bit, which is a pretty good number. But I congratulate you all. Done an amazing job. Thank you for lending your time and your talent to the American people. A lot of ideas have come out of the room today, and a lot of ideas will over the next short period of time.
I also want to welcome Secretary Mnuchin, Secretary Kelly, Administrator Verma, and my Budget Director, Mick Mulvaney. Thank you all. Done a great job. I want to thank Jared and Chris -- Chris Liddell -- for assembling such a spectacular group of people. They’re working very, very hard. I want to thank Ivanka for working so hard on it; it’s a real passion.
Our goal is to lead a sweeping transformation of the federal government’s technology that will deliver dramatically better services for citizens, stronger protection from cyberattacks -- which we were just discussing in the Oval Office with a little bit smaller group. That’s a big problem, there’s no question about it. We’re going to be working on it and we’re going to solve the problem -- and up to a trillion dollars in savings for taxpayers over the next 10 years. Over a trillion.
We’re embracing big change, bold thinking, and outsider perspectives to transform government and make it the way it should be, and at far less cost.
My administration has already taken very historic steps to modernize critical IT systems and make government more transparent. As an example, you’re seeing what we’re doing with the airports, with all of the billions and billions of dollars that have been spent on planes flying all in the wrong directions -- we’re getting a change. They’ve spent many billions of dollars, and we are getting that whole system fixed. Money wasted over the last six or seven years -- billions.
VA Secretary Shulkin recently announced that we’re upgrading technology to allow the seamless transfer of veterans’ medical records from the Defense Department, which has been a huge problem for decades and decades for our great veterans. We’ll have it fixed very soon, but it’s been a problem for many, many decades. Across government, we’re fixing problems in months that others have not fixed in many, many years. And we’re just getting started.
Fifty years ago, our government drove the innovation that inspired the world and put Americans on the moon. Today, many of our agencies rely on painfully outdated technology, and yet, we have the greatest people in technology that the world has ever seen right here with us in this room. And most of them are just nodding as I say that. They’re actually agreeing with me, which -- (laughter) -- that’s interesting, Eric, right?
Government needs to catch up with the technology revolution. We’re going to change that with the help of great American businesses like the people assembled. The businesses represented here today employ hundreds of thousands of American workers. Your innovation has shaped the modern world and created millions of jobs. America should be the global leader in government technology just as we are in every other aspect, and we are going to start our big edge again in technology -– such an important industry. I view it from the standpoint of jobs and other things; you view it somewhat differently. But we’re all in the same ballpark. It’s so important. So important.
My administration is embracing a new spirit of innovation that will make life better for all Americans. And when it comes to what we’re here for today, American technology, we’re working very diligently with everybody, including Congress, on immigration so that you can get the people you want in your companies. And it’s been a tremendous problem that you’ve had over the past long period of time. So we’re working very hard on that and we’ll be able to solve that problem.
I want to thank everyone in the room for lending your time, again.
END
5:28 P.M. EDTPRESIDENT TRUMP: It’s our great honor to have President and Mrs. Varela from Panama. And we have many things to discuss. We’re going to spend quite a bit of time today -- the Panama Canal is doing quite well. I think we did a good job building it, right?
PRESIDENT VARELA: One hundred years ago.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We did a very good job. But things are going well in Panama. The relationship has been very strong. We are developing new things to do and only getting stronger. And our -- also friendship with the President is very, very good.
So I just want to thank you very much. And it’s an honor to have you at the White House. Thank you.
PRESIDENT VARELA: Thank you, Mr. President.
PRESIDENT VARELA: I would like to thank President Trump for -- I would like to thank President Trump and his wife for receiving us today at the White House. It’s an honor for me to be here. There’s a long friendship between Panama and the United States, and we face the same challenges in the region. So the idea of this visit is to work closely together to face the same challenges that we have in the region of Central America and Latin America and in our continent.
So I’m really happy to be here today and for four days in Washington, and looking forward to this meeting and the meeting with the other directors of the agencies to establish -- to work together very closely with the -- President Trump administration for the future of the region.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you.
PRESIDENT VARELA: Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Again, thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.
END
11:41 A.M. EDTYour browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript:
My fellow Americans,
This week, our nation was shocked and horrified when a gunman opened fire on a Member of Congress. Five people were wounded in the assault, including a member of House Leadership – my good friend, Steve Scalise.
Steve is beloved across Washington, he embodies everything public service is about – he’s dedicated to his constituents, devoted to his values, and deeply committed to his country. I visited Steve, his wife, and his family in the hospital as he continues to fight for his recovery. 435 Members of Congress, and 300 million Americans, are pulling for him, praying for him, and pledging to him our full and total support.
We continue to hold all of those wounded and fighting for recovery in our hearts and prayers, including Matt Mika, who was also badly wounded.
In that terrible crime, we also witnessed the incredible heroism of Capitol Police. Special Agent Crystal Griner – who I also had the honor of meeting during my visit to the Hospital – raced into gunfire, along with Special Agent David Bailey. They saved the lives of our Members of Congress and prevented that dark day from becoming a tragedy beyond imagination. They, like so many other courageous police officers, represent the very best of us. We salute them, and we also salute members of Alexandria Police, Fire and Rescue.
Though we have our differences, what unites us is so much stronger: our love of country, our devotion to its people. Now more than ever, these values must guide us – and bring us closer together. Let us always remember that our job is to serve and represent the whole American People – and that we are all children of the same God.
This week, my Administration continues our focus on providing economic opportunity for all.
On Thursday, I signed an Executive Order to launch a groundbreaking new Apprenticeship Initiative that will help young Americans learn the skills they need to find a rewarding career, earn a great living, and support themselves and their families.
We are celebrating the dignity of work and the greatness of the American Worker.
American citizens have worked every job, every occupation, no matter what it might be – no matter how grueling, how challenging, or even how dangerous. They wash the windows on our tallest skyscrapers; they create works of art from burning fire and molten steel; they mine the earth and dive the ocean depths to bring energy into our cities and towns; they care for the sick, the elderly, and the wounded; and they lay the bricks, mortar, rebar, and concrete that give us places to live, to work, and to thrive.
Today, this is the message I want every young American to hear: there is dignity in every honest job, and there is nobility in every honest worker.
Our Apprenticeship Initiative will make it dramatically easier for employers, industry groups and unions to create exciting new apprenticeship programs that place students into high-paying careers.
Instead of being racked with crushing student debt, those who participate will earn while they learn – think of that: earn while they learn.
Under our plan, young Americans will have a pathway to exciting and fulfilling careers. They will become brilliant technicians who revitalize American manufacturing. They will become welders who forge from fire amazing works of iron and steel and art. And they will become entrepreneurs who revolutionize entire industries. And these striving American citizens, including millions of talented young American women with tremendous potential, will become the programmers who change the world with the next great technological advance.
Every American deserves a path to a great job that they truly love. That begins with the right education – one that gives students the foundation for a lifetime of success.
Every day, as your President, I will be committed to this goal.
Thank you, God bless you, and God bless America.Manuel Artime Theater
Miami, Florida
1:31 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. Great honor. And thank you to my truly great friend, Vice President Mike Pence -- he’s terrific. (Applause.) And thank you to Miami. We love Miami.
Let me start by saying that I’m glad Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and I, along with a very talented team, were able to get Otto Warmbier back with his parents. (Applause.) What’s happened to him is a truly terrible thing, but at least the ones who love him so much can now take care of him and be with him.
Also, my dear friend, Steve Scalise, took a bullet for all of us. And because of him, and the tremendous pain and suffering he’s now enduring -- he’s having a hard time, far worse than anybody thought -- our country will perhaps become closer, more unified. So important.
So we all owe Steve a big, big thank you. And let’s keep the Warmbier family, and the Scalise family, and all of the victims of the congressional shooting, in our hearts and prayers. And it was quite a day and our police officers were incredible, weren’t they? They did a great job. (Applause.)
And let us all pray for a future of peace, unity and safety for all of our people. (Applause.) Thank you. And for Cuba.
I am so thrilled to be back here with all of my friends in Little Havana. (Applause.) I love it. I love this city.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: We love you?
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thank you.
This is an amazing community, the Cuban-American community -- so much love. I saw that immediately.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: We love you!
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, darling. Oh do I love you, too. (Applause.)
What you have built here -- a vibrant culture, a thriving neighborhood, the spirit of adventure -- is a testament to what a free Cuba could be. And with God’s help, a free Cuba is what we will soon achieve. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA!
THE PRESIDENT: And I don’t even mind that it is 110 degrees up here. (Laughter.) This room is packed. You know, it wasn’t designed for this. I would like to thank the fire department. (Laughter.)
We are delighted to be joined by so many friends and leaders of our great community. I want to express our deep gratitude to a man who has really become a friend of mine -- and I want to tell you, he is one tough competitor -- Senator Marco Rubio. (Applause.) Great guy. (Applause.) He is tough, man. He is tough and he’s good, and he loves you. He loves you.
And I listened to another friend of mine, Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart -- (applause) -- and I’ll tell you, I loved what he said, and I appreciate it. Mario, I appreciated what you said so much. In fact I was looking for Mario. I wanted to find him -- they said he was onstage. I almost dragged him off the stage to thank him, but now I’m thanking you anyway. Thank you, Mario. That was great. Really appreciate it.
And I also want to thank my good friend, and just a man who was of tremendous support in the state of Florida, for being with us -- Governor Rick Scott. (Applause.) Great job. He’s doing a great job. I hope he runs for the Senate. I know I’m not supposed to say that. I hope he runs for the Senate. Rick, are you running? (Applause.) I don’t know. Marco, let’s go, come on. We got to get him to -- I hope he runs for the Senate.
We are deeply honored to be joined by amazing Veterans of the Bay of Pigs. (Applause.) These are great people, amazing people. (Applause.)
I have wonderful memories from our visit during the campaign. That was some visit. That was right before the election. I guess it worked, right? Boy, Florida, as a whole, and this community supported us by tremendous margins. We appreciate it.
But including one of the big honors, and that was the honor of getting the Bay of Pigs award just before the election, and it’s great to be gathered in a place named for a true hero of the Cuban people. And you know what that means. (Applause.)
I was also looking forward to welcoming today two people who are not present -- José Daniel Ferrer and Berta Soler -- (applause) -- were both prevented from leaving Cuba for this event. So we acknowledge them. They’re great friends -- great help. And although they could not be with us, we are with them 100 percent. (Applause.) We are with them. Right?
Finally, I want to recognize everyone in the audience who has their own painful but important story to tell about the true and brutal nature of the Castro regime. Brutal. We thank the dissidents, the exiles, and the children of Operation Peter Pan -- you know what that means -- (applause) -- and all who gather in the cafes, churches, and the streets in this incredible area and city to speak the truth and to stand for justice. (Applause.)
And we want to thank you all for being a voice for the voiceless. There are people –- it’s voiceless, but you are making up the difference, and we all want to thank you. This group is amazing. Just an incredible –- you are an incredible group of talented, passionate people. Thank you. Incredible group of people.
Many of you witnessed terrible crimes committed in service of a depraved ideology. You saw the dreams of generations held by captive, and just, literally, you look at what happened and what communism has done. You knew faces that disappeared, innocents locked in prisons, and believers persecuted for preaching the word of God. You watched the Women in White bruised, bloodied, and captured on their way from Mass. You have heard the chilling cries of loved ones, or the cracks of firing squads piercing through the ocean breeze. Not a good sound.
Among the courageous Cuban dissidents with us onstage here today are Cary Roque, who was imprisoned by the Castro regime 15 years ago. (Applause.) She looks awfully good.
MS. ROQUE: Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you, Mr. Vice President. Thank you, Marco Rubio, Mario Diaz-Balart. Thank you to all the men and the Cubans who fight no matter what -- for the Cuban liberty. Mr. President, on behalf of the Cuban people, the people inside my eyes, my homeland, thank you. Thank you, and we appreciate your love. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Wow. That's pretty good. She didn't know she was going to do that either, I will tell you. Thank you very much.
Antunez, imprisoned for 17 years. Where is he? (Applause.) I love that name. Antunez -- I love that name --and Angel De Fana, imprisoned for over 20 years. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you. Very brave people.
The exiles and dissidents here today have witnessed communism destroy a nation, just as communism has destroyed every single nation where it has ever been tried. (Applause.) But we will not be silent in the face of communist oppression any longer. You have seen the truth, you have spoken the truth, and the truth has now called us -- this group -- called us to action. Thank you.
Last year, I promised to be a voice against repression in our region -- remember, tremendous oppression -- and a voice for the freedom of the Cuban people. You heard that pledge. You exercised the right you have to vote. You went out and you voted. And here I am like I promised -- like I promised. (Applause.)
I promised you -- I keep my promises. Sometimes in politics, they take a little bit longer, but we get there. We get there. Don't we get there? You better believe it, Mike. We get there. (Laughter.) Thank you. Thank you. No, we keep our promise.
And now that I am your President, America will expose the crimes of the Castro regime and stand with the Cuban people in their struggle for freedom. Because we know it is best for America to have freedom in our hemisphere, whether in Cuba or Venezuela, and to have a future where the people of each country can live out their own dreams. (Applause.)
For nearly six decades, the Cuban people have suffered under communist domination. To this day, Cuba is ruled by the same people who killed tens of thousands of their own citizens, who sought to spread their repressive and failed ideology throughout our hemisphere, and who once tried to host enemy nuclear weapons 90 miles from our shores.
The Castro regime has shipped arms to North Korea and fueled chaos in Venezuela. While imprisoning innocents, it has harbored cop killers, hijackers, and terrorists. It has supported human trafficking, forced labor, and exploitation all around the globe. This is the simple truth of the Castro regime. (Applause.)
My administration will not hide from it, excuse it, or glamorize it. And we will never, ever be blind to it. We know what's going on and we remember what happened. (Applause.)
On my recent trip overseas, I said the United States is adopting a principled realism, rooted in our values, shared interests, and common sense. I also said countries should take greater responsibility for creating stability in their own regions. It's hard to think of a policy that makes less sense than the prior administration’s terrible and misguided deal with the Castro regime. (Applause.) Well, you have to say, the Iran deal was pretty bad also. Let's not forget that beauty.
They made a deal with a government that spreads violence and instability in the region and nothing they got -- think of it -- nothing they got -- they fought for everything and we just didn’t fight hard enough. But now those days are over. Now we hold the cards. We now hold the cards. (Applause.)
The previous administration’s easing of restrictions on travel and trade does not help the Cuban people -- they only enrich the Cuban regime. (Applause.) The profits from investment and tourism flow directly to the military. The regime takes the money and owns the industry. The outcome of the last administration’s executive action has been only more repression and a move to crush the peaceful, democratic movement.
Therefore, effective immediately, I am canceling the last administration’s completely one-sided deal with Cuba. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: Trump! Trump! Trump!
THE PRESIDENT: I am announcing today a new policy, just as I promised during the campaign, and I will be signing that contract right at that table in just a moment. (Applause.)
Our policy will seek a much better deal for the Cuban people and for the United States of America. We do not want U.S. dollars to prop up a military monopoly that exploits and abuses the citizens of Cuba.
Our new policy begins with strictly enforcing U.S. law. (Applause.) We will not lift sanctions on the Cuban regime until all political prisoners are freed, freedoms of assembly and expression are respected, all political parties are legalized, and free and internationally supervised elections are scheduled. Elections. (Applause.)
We will very strongly restrict American dollars flowing to the military, security and intelligence services that are the core of Castro regime. They will be restricted. We will enforce the ban on tourism. We will enforce the embargo. We will take concrete steps to ensure that investments flow directly to the people, so they can open private businesses and begin to build their country’s great, great future -- a country of great potential. (Applause.)
My action today bypasses the military and the government, to help the Cuban people themselves form businesses and pursue much better lives. We will keep in place the safeguards to prevent Cubans from risking their lives to unlawful travel to the United States. They are in such danger the way they have to come to this country, and we are going to be safeguarding those people. We have to. We have no choice. We have to. (Applause.)
And we will work for the day when a new generation of leaders brings this long reign of suffering to an end. And I do believe that end is in the very near future. (Applause.)
We challenge Cuba to come to the table with a new agreement that is in the best interests of both their people and our people and also of Cuban Americans.
To the Cuban government, I say: Put an end to the abuse of dissidents. Release the political prisoners. Stop jailing innocent people. Open yourselves to political and economic freedoms. Return the fugitives from American justice -- including the return of the cop-killer Joanne Chesimard. (Applause.)
And finally, hand over the Cuban military criminals who shot down and killed four brave members of Brothers to the Rescue who were in unarmed, small, slow civilian planes. (Applause.)
Those victims included Mario de la Pena, Jr., and Carlos Costa. We are honored to be joined by Mario’s parents, Miriam and Mario, and Carlos’s sister, Mirta. Where are you? (Applause.) Those are great, great parents who love their children so much. What they've done is just an incredible, incredible thing -- what they represent -- they did not die in vain -- what they represent to everybody, and especially to the Cuban people. So your children did not die in vain, believe me. (Applause.)
So to the Castro regime, I repeat: The harboring of criminals and fugitives will end. You have no choice. It will end. (Applause.)
Any changes to the relationship between the United States and Cuba will depend on real progress toward these and the other goals, many of which I’ve described. When Cuba is ready to take concrete steps to these ends, we will be ready, willing, and able to come to the table to negotiate that much better deal for Cubans, for Americans. Much better deal and a deal that's fair. A deal that's fair and a deal that makes sense.
Our embassy remains open in the hope that our countries can forge a much stronger and better path. America believes that free, independent, and sovereign nations are the best vehicle for human happiness, for health, for education, for safety, for everything. We all accept that all nations have the right to chart their own paths -- and I’m certainly a very big believer in that -- so we will respect Cuban sovereignty. But we will never turn our backs on the Cuban people. That will not happen. (Applause.)
Over the years, a special sympathy has grown between this land of the free, and the beautiful people of that island, so close to our shores and so deeply woven into the history of our region. America has rejected the Cuban people’s oppressors. They are rejected. Officially today, they are rejected. (Applause.) And to those people, America has become a source of strength, and our flag a symbol of hope.
I know that is exactly what America is to you and what it represents to you. It represents the same to me. It represents the same to all of us. And that is what it was to a little boy, Luis Haza. You ever hear of Luis? He became very famous, great talent -- just eight years old when Fidel Castro seized power. At the time, Luis’s father was the police chief in Santiago de Cuba. You know Santiago? Yeah? Oh, they know Santiago. Just days after Fidel took control, his father was one of 71 Cubans executed by firing squad near San Juan Hill at the hands of the Castro regime.
Luis buried his grief in his great love of music. He began playing the violin so brilliantly and so beautifully. Soon the regime saw his incredible gift and wanted to use him for propaganda purposes. When he was 12, they organized a national television special and demanded he play a solo for Raul Castro -- who by the way is leaving now. I wonder why.
They sent an official to fetch Luis from his home. But Luis refused to go. And a few days later, Castro’s soldiers barged into his orchestra practice area, guns blazing. They told him to play for them. Terrified, Luis began to play. And the entire room was stunned by what they heard. Ringing out from the trembling boy’s violin was a tune they all recognized. This young Cuban boy was playing “The Star Spangled Banner.” (Applause.) Luis played the American National Anthem all the way through, and when he finished, the room was dead silent.
When we say that America stands as a symbol to the world -- a symbol of freedom, and a symbol of hope -- that is what Luis meant, and that is what Luis displayed that day. It was a big day. It was a great day. And that is what we will all remain. That was a very important moment, just like this is now, for Cuba. A very important moment. (Applause.) America will always stand for liberty, and America will always pray and cheer for the freedom of the Cuban people.
Now, that little boy, whose story I just told you, the one who played that violin so beautifully so many years ago, is here with us today in our very, very packed and extremely warm auditorium. (Laughter.) Of course, he is no longer a little boy, but a world-renowned violinist and conductor -- one of the greats. And today he will once again play his violin and fill the hearts of all who love and cherish Cuba, the United States, and freedom. (Applause.)
I would like to now invite Luis to the stage.
Luis. (Applause.)
(Luis Haza plays The Star-Spangled Banner on the violin.)
AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA! (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Luis. I just said, so where were you more nervous? Today or then? He said, honestly, I think today. That's pretty -- (laughter.) Thank you, Luis, that was beautiful.
So I want to thank Miami. I want to thank Little Havana. Havana, we love. Do we love it? Would you move anywhere else? You wouldn't move to Palm Beach, would you? No. No way. Little Havana.
And I want to thank all of our great friends here today. You've been amazing, loyal, beautiful people. And thank you. Don't remind me. Actually, I was telling Mike, so it was two days -- on my birthday -- until a big day, which turned out to be tomorrow -- the 16th. That was the day I came down with Melania on the escalator at Trump Tower. That's tomorrow. (Applause.) So it's exactly tomorrow -- two years since we announced. And it worked out okay. Worked out okay. (Applause.) It's a great honor. Believe me, it's a great honor. Right?
AUDIENCE: (Sings Happy Birthday.)
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thank you very much.
I just want to end by saying may God bless everyone searching for freedom. May God bless Cuba. May God bless the United States of America. And God bless you all. Thank you. Now I'm going to sign. Thank you.
(The President participates in a signing.)
So this says, "strengthening the policy of the United States toward Cuba." And I can add, "strengthening a lot." (Laughter.) So this is very important, and you watch what's going to happen. Going to be a great day for Cuba.
Thank you. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
END
2:09 P.M. EDT11:19 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Hello, everybody. Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for all being here. Before beginning today, I’d like to take a moment to again send our thoughts and prayers to my friend, and the friend of most of us in this room, Steve Scalise, and his great family as he continues his very brave fight.
It’s been much more difficult than people even thought at the time. It’s been -- he’s in some trouble, but he’s a great fighter and he’s going to be okay, we hope.
I visited Steve and his family at the hospital last night, and I reassured them that the entire country is pulling for them, praying for them, and that we are here for them every single step of the way. America’s hearts -- and we mean this in the truest sense -- sends its love. We got a lot of hearts in this country, great hearts, and they're all sending their love and support to the Scalise Family.
And Steve, in his own way, may have brought some unity to our long-divided country. We've had a very, very divided country for many years. And I have a feeling that Steve has made a great sacrifice, but there could be some unity being brought to our country. Let’s hope so.
While at the hospital, I also visited with Special Agent Crystal Griner -- a terrific young woman -- of the Capitol Police and her family. Crystal is one of the two Capitol Police officers who saved so many lives through her heroism, along with Special Agent David Bailey. They ran right into the fire. They ran right into those guns and the bullets, and they saved a lot of lives. America salutes both of their courage. They have great, great courage. We all salute them.
We also salute the men and women of the Alexandria Police, Fire and Rescue, and all of the first responders. The timing and speed and the professionalism was incredible. They performed with bravery and with skill.
Finally, our heartfelt prayers go out to Matt Mika, who was badly wounded in the assault. To Matt’s family: Anything you need, we are here for you. Hopefully, Matt will be okay.
In these difficult hours, it’s more important than ever to help each other, care for each other, and remind each other that we are all united by our love of our great and beautiful country.
We're joined today by Secretary Acosta, Secretary Ross, and Administrator McMahon as we prepare to make a historic announcement to train Americans for the jobs of the future. We have a lot of companies moving into this country. You see the unemployment rate is at a very, very low level. Job enthusiasm and manufacturing, business enthusiasm is at record levels -- never been higher. A lot of good numbers are coming out, including almost $4 trillion in gain to the stock markets since the election -- $4 trillion. We just signed a big deal yesterday for hundreds of millions of dollars’ worth of equipment and military equipment going to be made in this country, in our country, for other countries.
We've got it going. We have to make sure the people are here and they're going to be well trained.
So I want to thank my daughter Ivanka and her leadership. She has worked so hard on this. She understands how important it is. We're training people to have great jobs and high-paying jobs.
And we're here today to celebrate the dignity of work -- it’s really a good term -- dignity of work -- and the greatness of the American worker, which I’ve been celebrating for a long time. Probably wouldn’t be here if it weren’t for the American worker.
And the American worker sees what’s happening in Michigan and in Ohio and in a lot of places that we've had a huge impact on just in a short period of time that I’ve been here and this administration has been involved. We have a lot of companies moving in, a lot of plants are going to be built. A lot of plants are being expanded, and big ones are going to be announced very soon. You're going to hear some very big names that I can't tell you about now. We want to get them signed on the dotted line. We don't want to talk too quickly. It’s called “sign them on the dotted line,” right? (Laughter.)
In just a few moments, I’ll be signing an executive order to expand apprenticeships and vocational training to help all Americans find a rewarding career, earn a great living, and support themselves and their families, and love going to work in the morning.
We will be removing federal restrictions that have prevented many different industries from creating apprenticeship programs. We have regulations on top of regulations. And in history, nobody has gotten rid of so many regulations at the Trump administration. And that's one of the reasons that you see the jobs and the companies all kicking in so strongly. I think some very good numbers are going to be announced, by the way, in the very near future as to GDP.
So we're empowering these companies, these unions, industry groups, federal agencies to go out and create new apprenticeships for millions of our citizens. Apprenticeships place students into great jobs without the crippling debt of traditional four-year college degrees. Instead, apprentices earn while they learn -- which is an expression we're using: Earn while you learn.
We’re joined today by apprentices who know firsthand how these programs can bring new hope and new opportunities. We're also joined by some of the country’s great governors, and I appreciate them very, very much for being here. We just had a meeting in the Cabinet Room.
Charles Robel is here with us from Wisconsin, where I just left, actually, yesterday. I was with Governor Walker. Charles is a three-time combat veteran who bravely served our nation -- highly respected. After Charles came back from the war, he, like so many other Americans, faced very tough economic times.
Charles began taking machine tool operation courses from a technical college. He immediately excelled. He was really, really good at it, they say. That's what they say. I haven’t checked. (Laughter.) Where is Charles? Come here. (Laughter.) Charles, they tell me. I haven’t checked it. I want to check you out, all right? (Laughter.) But he immediately excelled. And by the end of his year-long apprenticeship, Charles will be making more than $60,000 a year and going up a lot higher than that. And he loves what he does. I think you really love it, right? Yes, loves it.
Charles, we thank you for your service to a country -- to our country, both in the military and in exactly what you're doing right now, which is so important. And we congratulate you on this exciting new career, and you're going to have some great future. Thank you, Charles, appreciate it. (Applause.)
Each of the apprentices here today has their own story and their own dreams -- that’s what they are -- dreams.
Apprenticeships teach striving Americans the skills they need to operate incredible machines. And some of these machines are so intricate, so powerful, and, really -- the word is -- they are incredible. This is not the old days; this is new and computerized and complicated, and you really have to know what you're doing. But they create amazing products. And to construct skyscrapers that touch the clouds. -- I mean, you look at the equipment today, and just go back 10 years ago and 20 years ago, it’s from a different world, from a different planet. It’s incredible.
I just met with the governors from many of the states to discuss how we can work with them to expand apprenticeships and the apprentice programs. I’m also delighted to be here with CEOs of major companies who support our apprenticeship initiatives. And we had a tremendous number of the biggest CEOs in the world here yesterday. We talked about this also and they are fully behind it, including our effort to help millions of talented young American women thrive and flourish in our economy.
We are thrilled, as well, to have with us today Congressman Bobby Scott and Congresswoman Virginia Foxx, who care so deeply about this effort. (Applause.) Thank you.
The strength of our nation will be determined by our ability to keep jobs in America, and we’re going to keep them in America. You’re not going to have companies fleeing like in the past. There’s going to be a big price to pay for companies that want to leave, fire their workers, build a plant outside of this country, and think they’re going to sell their product right back into the United States. There's going to be a big price to pay.
But we want to keep jobs in America and we want to train people and hire American workers to fill those jobs. And that’s exactly what we’re doing, and we’re really doing a job of it. And I just want to thank all of our secretaries and everybody involved in the process.
Not only will our apprentices transform their lives, but they will also transform our lives in the truest sense. Today’s apprentices will construct the roads and bridges that move our citizens, they will bend the metal and steel that shape our cities, and they will pioneer the new technology that drives our commerce.
But as we train the next generation of Americans to do their jobs, all of us here today have to do our jobs: We have to join forces, join hands, and join together to restore the American Dream for all of our people.
And one of the parts of the American Dream is we’re going to come down very, very hard -- and we already have; you’ve seen what’s going on the border -- on this massive drug problem that we have in the United States and, frankly, that other countries have also. And we’re coming down very, very hard on it. And if we don’t, it’s called shame on us.
So everybody that has worked so hard on this program and everybody in this room, including the reporters, God bless you -- (laughter) -- God bless America. And let’s go out and let’s do a really terrific job with the apprentice program.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. (Applause.)
(The executive order is signed.)
END
11:33 A.M. EDT11:36 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: As you all know, shortly after 7:00 a.m. this morning, a gunman opened fire on members of Congress and their staffs as they were practicing for tomorrow's annual charity baseball game.
Authorities are continuing to investigate the crime, and the assailant has now died from his injuries. The FBI is leading the investigation and will continue to provide updates as new information becomes available.
Congressman Steve Scalise, a member of House leadership, was shot and badly wounded, and is now in stable condition at the hospital, along with two very courageous Capitol Police officers. At least two others were also wounded.
Many lives would have been lost if not for the heroic actions of the two Capitol Police officers who took down the gunman despite sustaining gunshot wounds during a very, very brutal assault.
Melania and I are grateful for their heroism and praying for the swift recovery of all victims.
Congressman Scalise is a friend, and a very good friend. He's a patriot and he's a fighter. He will recover from this assault. And, Steve, I want you to know that you have the prayers not only of the entire city behind you, but of an entire nation and, frankly, the entire world. America is praying for you and America is praying for all of the victims of this terrible shooting.
I spoke with Steve's wife, Jennifer, and I pledged to her our full and absolute support -- anything she needs. We are with her and with the entire Scalise family.
I have also spoken with Chief Matthew Verderosa -- he's doing a fantastic job -- of the Capitol Police to express our sympathies for his wounded officers and to express my admiration for their courage. Our brave Capitol Police perform a challenging job with incredible skill, and their sacrifice makes democracy possible.
We also commend the brave first responders from Alexandria Police, Fire and Rescue who rushed to the scene. Everyone on that field is a public servant -- our courageous police, our congressional aides who work so tirelessly behind the scenes with enormous devotion, and our dedicated members of Congress who represent our people.
We may have our differences, but we do well, in times like these, to remember that everyone who serves in our nation’s capital is here because, above all, they love our country.
We can all agree that we are blessed to be Americans, that our children deserve to grow up in a nation of safety and peace, and that we are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good.
Please take a moment today to cherish those you love, and always remember those who serve and keep us safe. God bless them all, God bless you, and God Bless America.
Thank you.
END
11:40 A.M. EDTWaukesha County Technical College
Milwaukee, Wisconsin
4:16 P.M. CDT
THE PRESIDENT: This is quite a place -- with a beautiful speaker system, I will tell you. (Laughter.) We can tell that immediately.
Well, good afternoon and thank you to my good friend, Governor Scott Walker -- tremendous guy, tremendous governor -- for hosting us here in the great state of Wisconsin. It is a great state. I've been here many times since the election.
I’m also thrilled to be joined by Secretary of Labor Alexander Acosta -- thank you, Alex. (Applause.) And Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos. (Applause.) We’re here today at Waukesha County Technical College to discuss one of the most important questions facing our young people -- how to get education and training that they need to find a rewarding and high-paying job.
We have a lot of companies moving into the United States, and we're negotiating with a lot of companies. Just backstage, we were negotiating with a major, major, incredible manufacturer of phones and computers and televisions. And I think they’re going to give the Governor a very happy surprise very soon.
During my campaign for President, I talked about crucial importance of vocational training -- teaching young people the skills, crafts and trades that are vital to our economy and our success as a country, and their success as an individual. America must not only teach but celebrate the skilled laborers that produce and maintain the world’s greatest machines, buildings, products and infrastructure -- innovations that improve our quality of life, help keep us safe, and have the power to inspire awe and wonder.
And I will say, when I was going to school and I was going to college, that I'd meet people that didn’t have a great ability or, frankly, they didn’t have a great liking for what they were doing, what they were studying. But they could take apart an engine. They could do drilling like I've never seen before. They could put up a brick wall better than all of the kids in that college or that university -- a great school. They could put up a wall in record time and make it far better than anybody else could have done. They just had an amazing ability. And that’s what we're about today.
We’re here today to talk about the dignity of work and the greatness of the American worker -- and also loving the work you do. I just toured the classrooms and I must say they aren’t your normal lecture halls, but in a certain way, they’re far more beautiful. You learn incredible skills like welding, automotive repair, and machine tool operations. And I looked at the machines and I'll tell you, what they have is incredible. And the knowledge to operate them is very, very, very amazing.
This institution has pioneered the hands-on learning and apprenticeships that produce terrific careers for young Americans.
Governor Walker has developed workforce training -- very important, workforce training -- programs that open up more opportunities for all students, whether they want to go to a four-year college, a technical college, trade school, or work and learn as a skilled apprentice. I love the name, apprentice. (Laughter.) It's a great word. The Governor just announced $3.9 million in grant funds to place 4,300 high school juniors and seniors in apprenticeships in areas like agriculture, health science, hospitality, and engineering.
We want a future where every high school in America offers apprenticeship opportunities for young citizens -- and studying things that they want to study, and studying things that they’re going to be great at. Under this vision, high school students could learn, and they could earn. And, boy, when I say earn, they can make great, great salaries doing something that they love -- learn invaluable skills, find a career they love, and enter the workforce faster and without debt.
Tomorrow, you’ll be hearing more about how my administration is going to expand apprenticeships all throughout the country for young people, and it's called earn while they learn. That's pretty good.
I look forward to hearing from all of you -- especially from the students who are here today -- great students -- who will tell us about their experience learning some of the most important trades in our nation. That's what keeps our nation going. We’re going to do everything we can to support you and help more young people have the opportunities we have here in Waukesha County and its incredible County Technical College. 'm very, very impressed with everybody I've met. I'm very, very impressed with the facilities, and a lot of very talented people leaving here and going on to something they love, and making a fantastic living.
So I just want to thank you all. And you have done a wonderful job. Thank you very much. (Applause.) Thank you.
I'd like to introduce now my daughter, Ivanka, who is so strongly committed to what we are here for today. And she’s going to say a few words. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
MS. TRUMP: Thank you for having us here today at the Waukesha County Technical College. It was truly inspiring to see such a dynamic campus and to meet so many motivated students -- several of whom are with us at this table. I enjoyed seeing firsthand the incredible and very important work that you're doing here.
Throughout the campaign, and since joining the White House, the President, members of the administration and myself have met with CEOs and business leaders and heard repeatedly about the challenges they face in finding candidates with the required skills to meet the available jobs. While millions of Americans are struggling to find full-time employment, companies are reporting difficulty finding people with the skills they need to fill those vacant positions.
There are currently 6 million jobs available in this country that are due in part to the skills gap. The private sector and states -- and thank you, Governor, for all that you're doing here -- are taking initiative and partnering with schools such as this to create curriculums and apprenticeship programs that teach the skills in need of their companies and that are required to succeed in the modern economy. Today we have seen firsthand the success of these skill-based programs and the success that they can have.
Programs like this are critical to bridging our nation’s skill gap and to ensuring that there is a great and ready talent pool to meet the in-demand jobs that are currently available and continue to come online.
Workforce development is at the heart of the administration’s agenda, and we are very, very excited to be here today and support the great work being done here at Waukesha. So thank you, thank you, all.
And, Governor Walker, thank you for hosting us. (Applause.)
GOVERNOR WALKER: Well, thank you both -- Mr. President and Ivanka Trump, thank you so much for joining us, as well as bringing your two outstanding Cabinet Secretaries in both Labor and Education. It's really an honor to have you back. We appreciate it.
We just had Mike Pence -- Vice President Pence was in town in Milwaukee on Saturday, talking about healthcare. It's even more exciting -- as much as I love Mike -- to have you here today. And it's perfect because the President -- back earlier this year, all the governors from across the country got together and we were talking about healthcare and transportation and all sorts of issues. And I got up and I said, Mr. President, appreciate that discussion, but the number-one issue in our state is workforce. And so I can't tell you how much I appreciate your being here today.
I particularly love actually both of you being here because I think that day I referenced something I'll repeat for just a moment, and then we'll open up to this panel for about 15 minutes and take some comments from folks here -- but I love -- there’s a picture, the last time I saw in the Oval Office, there’s a picture of your father on the desk behind the Resolute desk. And what I love is what you said once and I never forgot -- when your father taught you the importance of hard work and working people.
And that same day, Ivanka, you gave a speech earlier where you talked about how your father was just at home on the worksite with the bricklayers and the steamfitters as he was with the manager out there. And I thought that was so incredibly important because I know for sure, in this state -- and I know the CEOs would say it as I hope the students would as well -- and that is that we have jobs. In this state, we have more people employed than ever before. Today alone, I looked on the job -- our website called Jobscenterwisconsin.com -- had 96,901 jobs listed on that site today alone.
And so we have more people employed in the state than ever before. We have an unemployment rate of 3.2 percent -- that's the lowest it's been since before 9/11. And we have one of the highest percentages of people working -- Mr. Secretary, you’ll appreciate that -- we have almost 69 percent labor force participation rate. So we're in the top 10 in the nation out there. But that means we need to find more people to fill those jobs.
And so what you're seeing here at Waukesha County Technical College and the 15 other colleges like this across the state are really at the forefront.
And so, again, thank you to WCTC for hosting us, and particularly for the students and instructors we heard from.
END
4:28 P.M. CDT12:11 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Greatly appreciate it. I'm very happy that you're all here today with Republican senators. We're going to be discussing the urgent need to repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. It was just announced yesterday that 2 million people have dropped out of Obamacare -- 2 million additional. They are leaving fast. Premiums have increased by an average of more than 100 percent nationwide.
In North Carolina, premiums have gone up 176 percent. In Arkansas, premiums have gone up 128 percent. In Pennsylvania, premiums have gone up by 120 percent. And I hate to say this to you, Lisa, but in Alaska, they've gone up 207 percent on Obamacare. You know, I used to mention only Arizona because they were up 116 percent in Arizona. Now Arizona is like good by comparison to some of the numbers. But they're way up in Arizona, also.
Insurers are fleeing the market. Last week it was announced that one of the largest insurers is pulling out of Ohio -- the great state of Ohio. That could mean another 20 counties. At least 19,000 people in Ohio will have no plan at all.
Nationwide, one in three U.S. counties have only a single insurer, and many of those insurers, as you know, have announced that they're leaving. Obamacare has been broken, and it's been a broken promise. One after another, Americans were told that if you liked your doctor, you'll keep your doctor. That was a lie. They were told that if you liked your plan, you could keep your plan. That was a lie. Americans were told that premiums would go down by $2,500 per year. And instead, their premiums went up to levels that nobody thought even possible.
The House has passed a bill, and now the Senate is working very, very hard, and specifically the folks in this room. And I really appreciate what you're doing. We'll come out with a bill that's going to be a phenomenal bill for the people of our country. Generous, kind, with heart -- that's what I'm saying. And that may be adding additional money into it. We're going to come out with a real bill, not Obamacare. And the results are going to be fantastic, and hopefully it will be announced at the appropriate time, and everybody is going to be happy.
But by contrast, Republicans in Congress, as hard as they're working, you have the Democrats on the other side who truly have become obstructionists. Even their new motto, "Resist" -- and I guess it's a pretty accurate motto. Every time I see it, I say, that's right, that does represent the Democrats. It's called "Resist" and it's very unfortunate. And I actually said, if we came up with the greatest healthcare plan or tax cut -- because we're coming out with a massive tax cut and tax reform -- but if we came up with the greatest healthcare or tax cut ever in our country's history, we wouldn’t get one Democrat vote. It's obstruction.
So the Republicans are working hard. We passed and signed 38 pieces of legislation, which nobody likes to talk about. I think probably seldom has any President and administration done more or had more success so early on, including a record number of resolutions to eliminate job-killing regulations. And we see it all over the country where jobs are starting that would never have started, ever, under any circumstances.
So I'd like to thank our great Vice President for being here. I'd like to thank all of the senators who I have so much respect for -- I've gotten to know and love some of them, and know and like others. (Laughter.) But I have great relationships with every one of them. And I tell you what, I do have a lot of respect for the people in this room, I can tell you that, very much. And I appreciate you being here.
Just a little bit on the economy. Unemployment has fallen to a 16-year low, and manufacturing confidence is at an all-time high. Just came out with a report -- the highest level of confidence in the history of the reports, which are -- they’ve been taking these statistics for many, many years, Mike, I'll tell you. And in the history of this report, the confidence level is at the highest point it's ever been.
Companies are moving back into the United States. You see it in Michigan where the auto companies are coming back in and they’re expanding their existing plants, and they’re saying, well, maybe we're just going to have to build in the United States, and that’s the way it's going to be.
I was also really thrilled, last week -- and it had a lot to do with even their opening ceremony -- where, in Pennsylvania, they’re opening a brand new coal mine. That's the first coal mine that's opened in this country in a long time. It's brand new. Many of them are being reopened, but this is a brand new mine. And that hasn’t happened for many, many years.
So we're keeping our promise to the American people. And that's why it's so important for the Senate and the senators that are with us today to come up with a great healthcare plan. And I really believe they’re going to be able to do it. We're very close, and I really think they’re going to be able to do it.
So the economy is great. Everything seems to be working really well. And a very big focus for us over the next short period of time are going to be tax cuts, tax reform. We're going to be putting in a very major infrastructure plan. And so this week, in particular, we're going to be focused on Obamacare repeal and replace.
I've been talking about repealing and replacing Obamacare now for almost a year. Don't forget, on June 16th -- June 14th is my birthday, but June 16th was the day I announced that I was running. Some people said, "Really? Not going to happen." And it happened. But it's been exactly -- so in three days it's exactly three years. So we're very happy about that. And from day one, I said we're going to repeal and replace Obamacare. And that's what we're going to do.
So we've kept our promises. We've gotten rid of the regulations. The economy is going really well and going to get even a lot better. Our numbers for the quarter are going to be very good, I believe. When the numbers are announced, the GDP numbers, I think they’re going to be shockingly good, based on all of the facts that we're hearing and based on the enthusiasm from the businesses, because they’re doing well. And we've just started.
So I want to thank you all, and I want to thank you senators for being here. We appreciate it. And now what we'll do is we'll start talking about the replacement for Obamacare, which will be far better than Obamacare.
Thank you very much.
Q What’s your timeframe, Mr. President -- your timeline for the replacement bill?
THE PRESIDENT: As soon as we can do it. As soon as we can do it.
Q Mr. President, should Bob Mueller be fired?
Thank you very much, everybody.
Q Should Bob Mueller be fired?
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.
END
12:18 P.M. EDTGeneral Mitchell International Airport
Milwaukee, Wisconsin
3:14 P.M. CDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much.
Millions of American families -- and I mean millions -- continue to suffer from Obamacare while congressional Democrats obstruct our efforts to rescue them. And I'll tell you, that's exactly what’s happening. The Democrats have let you down, big league. Standing beside me are two such families, representing so many others -- millions of people -- who have been victimized by Obamacare -- terrible law.
My thanks to Michael and Tammy Kushman from Marinette County, and Robert and Sarah Stoll from Kenosha, as well as their wonderful families, for joining us today. We appreciate it. We appreciate all the people being here. Thank you, folks. (Applause.) They love their country, play by the rules, and work hard to give their loved ones the best life possible.
Michael Kushman is a proud veteran of the United States Army Medical Service Core. He and his wife Tammy were forced onto the Obamacare exchange in 2015 -- and like countless others, they were shocked to learn that they couldn’t keep their doctor as promised. They couldn't keep their plan as promised. They started out paying $600 per month. Then their insurer quit the exchange, so they had to switch to a new plan, and it went up to $1,000 a month. And it keeps going up and up and up. And that's where we are today. Now it's over $1,400 per month. They’ve been forced off their plans and onto a new one three times in three years. Their premiums have soared 127 percent. The Kushmans now spend nearly one-fourth of their net monthly income on health insurance. So -- both of you, both families. Both great families.
Robert and his wife Sarah Stoll have also endured enormous pain under the crushing burden of Obamacare. Robert serves as a volunteer captain for the Randall Fire Department. He was a small business owner for 30 years. But their Obamacare premiums doubled, and Sarah was forced to leave retirement and find a part-time job just to pay the bills. When she did so, making matters worse, their new income meant they were no longer eligible for the tax credit they had once received -- and the federal government actually forced them to repay thousands of dollars.
These are sad -- I agree, that's true. Has it happened to you also? Yes. Yeah, it has. These are sad but familiar stories in Wisconsin, where Obamacare premiums have doubled. Obamacare is one of the greatest catastrophes that our country has signed into law -- and the victims are innocent, hardworking Americans like Michael and Tammy, Robert and Sarah. These citizens deserve so much better.
The House of Representatives has passed on to the Senate, and the Senate is getting ready to do something -- hopefully it will get done -- where we will come up with a solution, and a really good one, to healthcare. No matter how good it is, we will get no obstructionist Democrat votes. No matter how good it is -- if it's the greatest healthcare plan ever devised, we will get zero votes by the obstructionists, the Democrats. It's time to give American families quality, reliable, affordable healthcare -- and that’s what we are working very hard to do. And we'll get it done.
So I want to thank you, I want to thank the families -- thank you very much -- for being here. And I love being in Wisconsin. I love being in Wisconsin. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
3:19 P.M. CDT3:03 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Hello, everybody. Mr. Governor, how are you? We campaigned long and hard together -- right? (Applause.) That worked out well, and you became governor. So nobody complaining.
Good afternoon, everybody. Today, I'm truly proud to welcome to the White House our College Football Playoff National Champions, the Clemson Tigers. (Applause.) And they look like the real deal, don't they?
Congratulations to all of you, and to your terrific coach -- and you know who that is, right? Do we love him? (Applause.) Dabo! Dabo Swinney. What a great job. I was with Coach Belichick -- he said, this guy is a real coach. That's a pretty good compliment, right? You can't do better than that. Congratulations, Coach.
You have many dedicated fans and admirers here today to celebrate your victory, including many distinguished members of Congress -- lots of them. I especially want to thank your Governor, Henry McMaster -- my friend, my endorser. Don't forget, he endorsed me when it wasn’t exactly in vogue to do that. So I remember. Right, Henry? And thank you, Henry, and everybody for joining us today.
Clemson Tigers, you gave America an incredible game that will go down in the record books as one of the hardest fought and probably one of the most exciting games ever played. Last second -- boomf. That's pretty good, Coach. Good job, Coach.
All of you played with such tremendous heart and determination. You never, ever gave up. You can never give up in life. And it all paid off. With your grit and resolve, you proved one of the most important truths in life -- that success is about how hard you are willing to fight in order to overcome and in order to win.
After being down 14 to nothing -- I don't think the Coach was worried. Were you worried? Yes, probably a little bit. How about a little bit, Coach? Maybe? You're down 14 to nothing almost halfway through the game, like true tigers, Clemson roared back -- and with the whole nation watching, and beyond the nation, Deshaun Watson -- going to be a great NFL player, watch. (Applause.) Where’s Deshaun? Get over here. Come here. (Applause.) Hey, fellas, is he that good? Tell me. (Applause.) You better believe it. He’s going to be fantastic. He passed the ball to Hunter Renfrow -- (applause) -- where’s Hunter? (Applause.) Oh, Hunter, you're so lucky you caught that ball. (Laughter.) To score the game-winning touchdown with just one second left on the clock. That's pretty cool.
It was an inspirational finish to a historic season for Clemson. The team willed their victory -- you willed it. That was a victory that was willed. Arnold Palmer -- they used to say great champion -- he would will a victory. Jack Nicklaus, he would will a victory. The great champions tend to do that. This team willed their whole way to victory. You came so incredibly close last year against Alabama -- you don't remember that game, Coach, do you? (Laughter.) You’ll never forget. And you wanted a rematch, and you got the rematch, and you went on and you earned it. You beat great teams like Florida State, Ohio State, and, of course, your big rival, South Carolina. (Applause.)
You believed in yourselves, you believed in each other, and you won a championship victory for the ages. It's one of the greatest games I ever watched, actually.
People are going to be talking about what you did for a very, very long time. That victory and the great comeback was the product of a vision that began nine years ago, when Coach Swinney assembled a team of assistant coaches who believed in his vision. They recruited great, great players, and together, you worked hard, had fun, and turned Clemson football into a winning machine. It's what it is.
The Tigers have gone an astonishing 89 and 28 -- how did you lose 28 games, Coach? (Laughter.) That was the early seasons, right? Most of them were in the -- while you were building -- under the Coach’s leadership. He helped forge a new culture at Clemson. It was on display in the locker room right after the big game.
The Coach recalled how he told the team that “the theme of the college football playoffs this year is ‘chasing greatness.’” He told them, “Nobody is better than us, and we’ve got to believe it!” It's great. Tell yourself that -- nobody is better. You chased greatness, and now you’ve achieved true greatness.
I understand that on the inside of your championship ring, there’s a tiger climbing upwards, and it says “little extra” -- just a little extra. That’s often the difference between winning and losing, just a “little extra.” Right, Coach? Is that right? And by the way, standing next to the Coach is another winner -- your El Presidente -- Jim Clements. That's another winner, I'll tell you that. (Applause.)
We don't talk about Jim too much. But number one, he made a lot of good decisions. Number two, what people don't realize about Clemson -- it's a great academic school. One of the top 25. And as a combination -- probably number one, right? Great job, Jim. (Applause.)
That’s how Clemson achieved great things. When you set an expectation of maximum effort and a culture of confidence from the top, you inspire every person to perform at their very, very best.
And that is exactly what you have done. More Tigers this year than ever before -- nine of you -- went to the NFL Scouting Combine, and two of you were drafted in the first round. That's pretty good.
But during that championship game, all of you shined --_
every single one. Offensive MVP, Quarterback Deshaun Watson took some very, very hard hits but he never rattled. He's great under pressure. I've seen that. I've heard that. He's great under pressure. That's a good thing to be. He is great under pressure. He always got right back up. And he fought, and he fought, and he kept winning. Now he’ll bring that toughness together to the Houston Texans. And I have the owners of the Texans here someplace-- we just saw them -- and they are so excited about Deshaun.
Defensive Tackle Carlos Watkins had an incredible game, and he’ll be joining Deshaun in Houston. I'm going to be watching that team very closely.
Nobody can read plays like Defensive MVP Ben Boulware. Where's Ben? (Applause.) Carlos -- get up here, Carlos. (Applause.) You think I could take these guys in a fight? I don't know. (Applause.) Great guys.
First Team All-American Defensive End Christian Wilkins was a big part of the defensive effort in the championship game. And Wide Receiver Hunter Renfrow had that incredible 10 receptions that night.
I also want to extend our best wishes to Defensive End Richard Yeargin, who suffered a terrible neck injury in a recent automobile accident and is out for the 2017 season. But he'll be back. And we’re praying for you. And, Richard, I know you're going to get better and you're going to be all set.
All of you are continuing a proud sporting tradition at Clemson, established long ago by some of football’s greatest champions and leaders. Your school was home to the legendary Coach Heisman -- Heisman Trophy -- who delivered a win in the Tigers’ first Alabama matchup way back in 1900. I know Coach Heisman would be very proud of you, Coach, today, looking down -- would be very proud -- he liked to win, he knew winners -- and his team’s most recent, incredible, and most exciting victory.
So thank you for being here today. It's our honor to be in the company of great, great champions. And that's what they are. I wish you all the best in your careers, wherever they may take you. Whether it's football or business or anything else, you're going to be very successful. And if you work hard, fight hard, and believe in yourselves, perhaps I’ll see you one day back here right at the White House.
In fact, I think one of the folks behind me has a really good chance of standing where I am today as a future President of the United States. They have that tremendous, incredible talent -- more than just athletic talent.
So congratulations, again, to the College Football Playoff National Champions, the Clemson Tigers! And with that, I want to introduce President Jim Clements, who has truly done an amazing job on and off the field. And he’s a special man -- that I can tell you.
Jim, come on up and say a few words. (Applause.)
END
3:15 P.M. EDTDepartment of Transportation
Washington, D.C.
11:40 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Secretary Chao. Thank you, everybody. This is very nice, by the way. Beautiful. I want to really thank you. You have been so amazing as the leader of this department, and the progress is being made so quickly. Leaders and officials gathered here from across the country have all praised the work that the Secretary is doing to create a safe, modern and reliable transportation system for the United States and for its great, great, great people.
I also want to thank Secretary Zinke for the fantastic job he’s doing at the Department of the Interior to clear the way for new infrastructure and economic development.
Both Secretary Chao and Zinke joined us at the White House yesterday for a meeting with state and local leaders to develop plans to replace America’s decaying infrastructure and construct new roads, rails, pipelines, tunnels, and bridges all across our nation.
We are here today to focus on solving one of the biggest obstacles to creating this new and desperately needed infrastructure, and that is the painfully slow, costly, and time-consuming process of getting permits and approvals to build. And I also knew that from the private sector. It is a long, slow, unnecessarily burdensome process.
My administration is committed to ending these terrible delays once and for all. The excruciating wait time for permitting has inflicted enormous financial pain to cities and states all throughout our nation and has blocked many important projects from ever getting off the ground. Many, many projects are long gone because they couldn’t get permits and there was no reason for it.
We’ve already taken historic steps to speed up the approvals, including the approval of the Keystone XL Pipeline -- which was very quickly approved. They were sitting there for a long time saying, well, that project is dead. Then I came into office and, all of the sudden, a miracle. And I guarantee you, the consultants went over to the heads of the company and told them what a great job they did. They asked for a lot of money, most likely. But we got it approved. And we got it approved fast.
I’m also very proud to say that the Dakota Access Pipeline is now officially open for business. It was dead 120 days ago, and now it officially just opened for business. Very proud of that. Hi, Bill.
We’re also excited to be joined by representatives from our labor unions, including the North America Building Trades Union, which I know well, and the Laborers International Union of North America. You will play a -- go ahead, fellas, take a little credit. Come on, fellas. You will play a central role in rebuilding America. Very important.
We’re also joined, as well, by many distinguished members of Congress who share our total passion and desire to repair and restore America’s highways, railways, and waterways. In the audience is Chairman Bill Shuster of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. Stand up, Bill. Thank you, Bill, great job -- who is working very closely with us, including on our proposal to dramatically reduce airport delays by reforming air traffic control.
We have an obsolete system. And I have to say, before Elaine got here, they had spent close to $7 billion on the system. Boom -- a waste. All wasted. But we’re going to have a great system -- great new system. A top of the line -- it will be the best in the world. Right now, we’re at the lowest part of the pack. It will be the best in the world, for a lot less money than they’ve been wasting for years.
For too long, America has poured trillions and trillions of dollars into rebuilding foreign countries while allowing our own country -- the country that we love -- and its infrastructure to fall into a state of total disrepair. We have structurally deficient bridges, clogged roads, crumbling dams and locks. Our rivers are in trouble. Our railways are aging. And chronic traffic that slows commerce and diminishes our citizens' quality of life. Other than that, we’re doing very well.
Instead of rebuilding our country, Washington has spent decades building a dense thicket of rules, regulations and red tape. It took only four years to build the Golden Gate Bridge and five years to build the Hoover Dam and less than one year to build the Empire State Building. People don’t believe that. It took less than one year. But today, it can take 10 years and far more than that just to get the approvals and permits needed to build a major infrastructure project.
These charts beside me are actually a simplified version of our highway permitting process. It includes 16 different approvals involving 10 different federal agencies being governed by 26 different statutes.
As one example -- and this happened just 30 minutes ago -- I was sitting with a great group of people responsible for their state’s economic development and roadways. All of you are in the room now. And one gentleman from Maryland was talking about an 18-mile road. And he brought with him some of the approvals that they’ve gotten and paid for. They spent $29 million for an environmental report, weighing 70 pounds and costing $24,000 per page.
And I said, do me a favor. I’m going to make a speech in a little while. Do you mind if I take that and show it? So I’m going to show it. So they spent millions and millions of dollars. When I said, how long has this short roadway been talked about, the gentleman said, well, if you say 20 years, you’re safe. I said, yeah, don’t say anymore because I have to be -- you know, I have to be exactly accurate with these people. I was off by like two months -- it’s a major front-page story.
But these binders on the stage could be replaced by just a few simple pages, and it would be just as good. It was actually be much better. Because these binders also make you do unnecessary things that cost billions and billions of dollars and they actually make it worse.
As another example, the 23 -- if you look at it, in Ohio, the Ohio River Bridge -- $2.3 billion. The project amassed a 150,000-page administrative record -- 150,000 pages is a five-story-tall building. Think of it. If you put the paper together, it’s a five-story building.
How can a country prosper under this kind of nonsense? And I know it. I know it so well, being in the private sector. But you know, in the private sector you move, and you wheel, and you deal, and you hope, and you pray. And maybe it goes a little faster, but it’s a horrible thing in the private sector also. And we’re talking about reducing that for the private sector likewise.
Why should we continue to accept what is so clearly unacceptable? Oftentimes, the consultants -- that are making a fortune because you can’t doing anything without hiring them, paying them a tremendous amount of money, having them write up this nonsense -- you can’t get approvals. And they’re in, in the case of New York, Albany -- they go to Albany, the state capital or, here, they go to Washington for federal. And they want to make it really tough because that way, you have to hire them. It's a terrible thing. It's a group of people -- probably nobody has ever heard anybody talk about it because -- I know it because I'm a business guy, I understand that. They work really hard to make it difficult. And some are believers, but most aren't. Most want to make a lot of money. So they make a very, very simple roadway or whatever you want to be building a very complicated subject, and they make it very much more expensive and they make it worse. It's not as good as it would have been.
I was not elected to continue a failed system. I was elected to change it. All of us in government service were elected to solve the problems that have plagued our nation. We are here to think big, to act boldly, and to rise above the petty partisan squabbling of Washington D.C. We are here to take action. It’s time to start building in our country, with American workers and with American iron, and aluminum and steel. It’s time to put up soaring new infrastructure that inspires pride in our people and our towns.
When I approved the Keystone Pipeline I said, where was the pipe made? Unfortunately, they had purchased a lot of it, but I put a little clause at the bottom -- you want to build a pipeline in this country, buy American steel and let it be fabricated here. Very simple little clause written in hand, but it does the trick.
It is time, at last, to put America First. Americans deserve the best infrastructure anywhere in the world. They deserve roads and bridges that are safe to travel, and pipes that deliver clean water into their homes. Not like what happened in Flint, Michigan. They deserve lanes of commerce that get people and products where they need to go on time. Most of all, Americans deserve a system of infrastructure that is looked upon not with pity -- the world, in many cases, is so far advanced that they look at our infrastructure as being sad. We want them to look at us with envy -- a system worthy of our magnificent country.
No longer can we allow these rules and regulations to tie down our economy, chain up our prosperity, and sap our great American spirit. That is why we will lift these restrictions and unleash the full potential of the United States of America.
To all our state and local leaders, I appreciate you being here today. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Bill. I want you to know that help is finally -- after many, many decades -- on its way. We are giving control back to the cities and the states. You know best how to plan your communities, analyze your projects, and protect your local environment.
We will get rid of the redundancy and duplication that wastes your time and your money. Our goal is to give you one point of contact to deliver one decision -- yes or no -- for the entire federal government, and to deliver that decision quickly, whether it's a road, whether it's a highway, a bridge, a dam.
To do this, we are setting up a new council to help project managers navigate the bureaucratic maze. This council will also improve transparency by creating a new online dashboard allowing everyone to easily track major projects through every stage of the approval process. This council will make sure that every federal agency that is consistently delaying projects by missing deadlines will face tough, new penalties. I know it won't happen with these two. We don't have to worry about them. We will hold the bureaucracy accountable.
We are also creating a new office in the Council of Environmental Quality to root out inefficiency, clarify lines of authority, and streamline federal and state and local procedures so that communities can modernize their aging infrastructure without fear of outdated federal rules getting in their way.
This massive permit reform -- and that's what it is; it's a permit reform -- doesn’t sound glamorous. They won't write stories about it. They won't even talk about it. But it's so important. But it's only the first step in renewing America’s roads, rails, runways and rivers.
As I discussed in Ohio recently, my new vision for American infrastructure will generate $1 trillion in infrastructure investment -- which we desperately need. We've spent, as of a few months ago, $6 trillion in the Middle East. Think of it -- $6 trillion in the Middle East. And it's worse than it was 15 years ago by a factor of 10. And yet, if you want to build a little road in one of your communities in Pennsylvania or Ohio, or in Iowa, or in North Carolina, or in Florida, you can't get the money.
State and local leaders will have more power to decide which projects get built, when they start and how they are funded. And investors will have a much more predictable environment that encourages them to invest billions of dollars in capital that is currently stuck on the sidelines.
Together, we will build projects to inspire our youth, employ our workers, and create true prosperity for our people. We will pour new concrete, lay new brick, and watch new sparks light our factories as we forge metal from the furnaces of our Rust Belt and our beloved heartland -- which has been forgotten. It's not forgotten anymore.
We will put new American steel into the spine of our country. American workers will construct gleaming new lanes of commerce across our landscape. They will build these monuments from coast to coast, and from city to city. And with these new roads, bridges, airports and seaports, we will embark on a wonderful new journey into a bright and glorious future. We will build again. We will grow again. We will thrive again. And we will Make America Great Again.
Thank you. God bless you. I appreciate it. Thank you very much. Thank you.
12:05 P.M.
EDT3:36 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you all very much for being here. This is fantastic. In fact, what we’ll do -- in a minute, we’ll go around the room real quickly. I see some extra people showed up so that, frankly, we don’t have too much room, Rick. It’s a little tight in here.
GOVERNOR RICK SCOTT: They should all be in Florida.
THE PRESIDENT: It’s a little tight, but that’s okay. Great honor. and it's my pleasure to welcome so many incredible governors, tribal leaders, mayors, county commissioners, and other leaders of our country to the White House Infrastructure Summit. We’re doing a great job with respect to infrastructure all over, and we’re very proud of it. It’s going to take off like a rocket ship -- moving very quickly. Together, we’re going to rebuild America.
Earlier this week, we announced our plan to revolutionize air traffic control. And yesterday, I traveled to Cincinnati to discuss our new vision for American infrastructure and our plans to modernize our vital inland waterways, which are so important and which are, in many cases, crumbling.
Today, we’re here to talk about how we will create the infrastructure of the future by partnering with the states and local governments -- of which you form a very important part, right? This is the group. And it’s a great group.
You are the stewards of the vast majority of our nation's roads and bridges and airports. Yet, for too long, Washington has slowed down your projects and driven up your costs, and driven them up beyond anything even recognizable. Those days are over. We are going to move quickly, we’re going to move very, very intelligently, and we’re going to get the job done, under budget and ahead of schedule -- something the government doesn’t hear too much.
We are already taking action to dramatically reduce the time it takes to get permits and approvals. If you want to build a highway in the United States, you currently have to obtain approvals, generally speaking, on average, 16. And usually, 10 federal agencies are involved. It’s a process that can take well over 10 years just to get the approvals. We’re not talking about building, we’re talking about just getting the approvals. So we want to streamline that process, and we think we can get it down to a number that’s closer to two years, and maybe even less than that. That would be a big, big difference.
In addition to reforming our broken permitting system, we want to partner with state and local governments to better meet the needs of our citizens. My budget proposal includes a massive investment in new federal support for infrastructure. These dollars will be matched by significant private, state, and local dollars for maximum efficiency and accountability.
Already, many of you are pioneering innovative solutions for your citizens and you’re already looking at developments and working with us. To take just one example, in Florida, Governor Rick Scott -- hello, Rick -- has partnered with private sector investors -- and he’s really been partnering a lot -- to build projects such as the I-4 Ultimate Project, which has been called "the largest infrastructure project in state history." That’s Florida -- big state. It’s going to be a great project.
Because of their innovation approach and because of the way they went about getting it and getting the approvals, the project is anticipated to be completed 17 years earlier than it would have through more traditional funding methods.
These are the kind of projects we want to see all across the country. Working together, I’m confident that we can translate every taxpayer dollar into new pavement on our streets, new locks and new dams, new pipes for our water -- and I will tell you we’re just going to have a much better, more modern, more acceptable infrastructure. We want to bring it to the top of the world.
We’ve gone way down in the list. If you look worldwide, we have gone way, way down. We want to go back to the top. We used to be at the top every year, routinely. And now we’ve gone down quite a bit. So I don’t like that, you don’t like that, and we’re going to change it.
I just want to again say it’s an honor to have you here. You’re really the stewards of the great cities and the great states and the great areas and communities, and you’re going to be very important to what we’re going with infrastructure.
So I think what I’ll do is start with Rick Scott of Florida, and maybe just around. You give the name, location. You have a couple of people from the press. Not too many. Let’s see. Not too many. (Laughter.) And I’m sure they’re going to be excited to hear who you are. They’re desperate to hear who you are. (Laughter.)
END
3:42 P.M. EDTOmni Shoreham Hotel
Washington, D.C.
12:30 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Ralph. He said we got 81 percent of the vote. I want to know, who are the 19 percent? Who are they? (Laughter.) Where do they come from?
Thank you, Ralph, for really kind introduction, and for your great leadership. It’s wonderful to be back here with all of my friends. It is the fifth time. Who would have known this was going to happen? But we had a feeling, didn’t we? (Applause.)
And, Ralph, I want to congratulate you and your wife, Jo Anne, and each and every person in the audience today. In just a few years, you’ve helped turn a small organization into a really nationwide, beautiful movement. (Applause.) Really, so true. And what you have achieved is extraordinary. I’ve spoken to this group so much, so often -- I’ll be back -- most recently one year ago this week when I came here to ask for your support, your help, and your prayers. And wow, did you deliver. (Applause.)
You really did. Last year, you knocked on more than 1.2 million doors in the key battleground states where, as you remember, we focused. Supposed to be focusing on those states. You sent 22 million pieces of mail, shared 16 million videos, and made 10 million phone calls. That’s something. (Applause.)
And I’m honored by your incredible support, and grateful for your commitment to our shared cause. Thank you for all that you do. Thank you very much. (Applause.) Thank you. You didn’t let me down, and I will never, ever let you down. You know that. (Applause.)
We will always support our Evangelical community, and defend your right, and the right of all Americans, to follow and to live by the teachings of their faith. And as you know, we’re under siege. You understand that. But we will come out bigger and better and stronger than ever. You watch. (Applause.)
You fought hard for me, and now I’m fighting hard for all of you. I have one goal as President: to fight for the American people and to fight for America and America first. (Applause.)
We are going to battle for every American who has lost a job, for every family who has lost a loved one, for every American of faith who has lost their rights and lost their freedom. The forgotten men and women will never, ever be forgotten again. You know about that. (Applause.) Remember they said, where did all these people come from? And you know what? They’re still trying to figure it out. They don’t get it. (Laughter.) They don’t get it.
Your voices will resound across the halls of our Capitol, and across the world. We recite today the words of Isaiah Chapter 1, Verse 17: “Learn to do right; seek justice. Defend the oppressed. Take up the cause of the fatherless; plead the case of the widow.”
The entrenched interests and failed, bitter voices in Washington will do everything in their power to try and stop us from this righteous cause, to try to stop all of you. They will lie. They will obstruct. They will spread their hatred and their prejudice. But we will not back down from doing what is right. Because, as the Bible tell us -- (applause) -- we know that the truth will prevail, that God’s glorious wisdom will shine through, and that the good and decent people of this country will get the change they voted for and that they so richly deserve. (Applause.)
Nothing worth doing ever came easy, but we know how to fight better than anybody. And we never, ever would give up, and we don’t give up. We are winners, and we are going to fight, and win, and have an unbelievable future. (Applause.) Unbelievable future. And it’s going to be together. (Applause.)
We are keeping the solemn promises that we made to the great citizens of our country. We are eliminating job-killing regulations, reversing government overreach, and returning power back to everyday Americans, the way the country started. (Applause.)
In just a short period of time, we’ve already added nearly one million new jobs, and approved historic increases in military spending. We’ve achieved a record reduction in illegal immigration. Did you see at the southern border? Seventy-five percent. (Applause.) Seventy-five percent. If they do one percent in the past, it used to be, oh, we’re doing so well. Seventy-five percent. General Kelly is doing a great job.
And we are protecting our families, schools, and cities by removing the gang members -- MS-13. (Applause.) MS-13. We’re spreading them out, the drug dealers and criminals from our country, and cracking down on the sanctuary cities that protect them. (Applause.) And we believe that people who come to our country should love our citizens and embrace our values -- our values, folks. (Applause.)
In my first 100 days -- and I don’t think anybody has ever done more, or, certainly, not much more -- I appointed and confirmed a Supreme Court justice in the mold of the late, great Antonin Scalia -- (applause) -- and now Justice Gorsuch has a seat on the United States Supreme Court. (Applause.) Made a promise.
We have also proposed a historic tax cut -- biggest in the history of our country, by the way -- and we are fighting for fair trade that creates a level playing field for all of our American companies and our American workers. We are not on a fair playing field, but it’s getting fairer by the day. We are bringing back our jobs. (Applause.)
To protect those jobs, and the sovereignty and freedom of the United States, I followed through on my promise to withdraw from the Paris Climate Accord. (Applause.) Thank you. You understand it. You understand how bad it was for our country. It’s going to strip us of our jobs, our wealth, our companies. And they keep saying, oh, it’s non-binding -- so innocent. I figure between that deal, the Iran Deal, NAFTA -- we’ve got some beauties, don’t we? (Laughter.) Don’t worry, you’re going to see some real good ones coming about very soon. You’re going to see some great ones coming about very soon.
America will continue to lead the world on environmental protection. We’re going to have clean water -- crystal clean. We’re going to have clean air. (Applause.) But what we won’t do is let other countries take advantage of the United States anymore and dictate what we are doing and dictate our future. (Applause.)
From now on, we will follow a very simple rule: Every day I am President we are going to make America first -- not somebody else, not some other country. We are going to make America first. (Applause.) Thank you.
As I am sure you know, I have also reinstated the Mexico City policy first put into place by Ronald Reagan to protect the unborn. (Applause.) Thank you.
And, in a really beautiful ceremony at the White House, on the National Day of Prayer, I signed, as I promised I would, a new executive action to protect religious liberty in America, including protecting the rights of groups like yours -- the Little Sisters of the Poor. Thank you. Stand up. The Little Sisters of the Poor. (Applause.)
They fought so hard for so many years. All of sudden, they heard, "we won." (Laughter.) Right? They were tough. Don’t want to mess with the Little Sisters, right? (Laughter.) They hung in, and they had a lot of losses. They sustained a lot of losses. But all of the sudden, one day, a few weeks ago, it was over. They won. So congratulations. Great toughness. Great. Great people. (Applause.)
That executive order also followed through on my campaign promises to so many of you: to stop the Johnson Amendment from interfering with your First Amendment rights. (Applause.) It was my promise. This executive order directs the IRS not to unfairly target churches and religious organizations for political speech. So the people that you most respect can now feel free to speak to you, like my friends sitting right over here. I can now hear them and they’re unimpeded. So I just want to congratulate everybody in this room because that was a big deal, and it was a very important thing for me to do for you. And we’re not finished yet, believe me. We’re not finished yet. So thank you very much. (Applause.)
No federal worker should be censoring sermons or targeting pastors. (Applause.) These are the people we want to hear from. How about the people we do hear from every night on television? You want to hear from them? I don’t think so.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE PRESIDENT: No, no, we want to hear from the people that we want to hear from.
As long as I'm President, no one is going to stop you from practicing your faith or from preaching what is in your heart and from preaching -- and really, this is so important -- from the bottom of my heart -- from preaching from the people that you most want to hear and that you so respect. So we have taken a very, very strong position, and you picked a winner. (Applause.)
So we want our pastors speaking out. We want their voices in our public discourse. And we want our children to know the blessings of God. (Applause.) Schools should not be a place that drive out faith and religion, but that should welcome faith and religion with wide, open, beautiful arms. (Applause.) Faith inspires us to be better, to be stronger, to be more caring and giving, and more determined to act in selfless and courageous defense of what is good and what is right. It is time to put a stop to the attacks on religion. (Applause.) Thank you.
We will end the discrimination against people of faith. Our government will once again celebrate and protect religious freedom. (Applause.) Restoring freedom and opportunity also means repealing and replacing the disaster known as --
AUDIENCE: Obamacare!
THE PRESIDENT: That was easy. (Laughter.) Do you see how it’s failing? Okay. So I’ve been saying 116 percent for so long -- it was Arizona. So yesterday, I have a new number -- 204 percent, in Alaska, increase. It’s a catastrophe. Obamacare, as one of the big insurance companies had said, is in a spiral. It’s in a death spiral. It is dead. Dead. Some of the states are losing their insurance companies. Yesterday, Ohio lost one of the big ones. And Ohio has got problems now. They all have problems -- Kentucky, Tennessee. Every place I go.
But we’re dealing with obstructionists. The Democrats are obstructionists. You know what, it would be great to get along with them, but it seems to be impossible. They are obstructionists. And they have a healthcare plan that’s a disaster, called Obamacare. Again, the insurance companies are fleeing, the premiums are through the roof. The deductibles -- I mean, unless you die a long, horrible, slow death, those deductibles are so high -- sadly, folks, you’ll never get to use them. It is a disaster what’s going on with Obamacare. Nobody wants to talk about it. But you take a look at the premiums, how high; you take a look at those deductibles. You have nothing.
And then, of course, the mandate. Let’s pay to get out of it, okay? We’re the only one -- we pay to get out of not paying. That’s how bad it is.
So Obamacare is dead. And don’t let them pin it on the Republicans, by the way. We’ve only been here for a short period of time, okay? But a good bill passed in the House. Something, I hope, great is going to come out through Mitch McConnell and the Senate. And we’re working very hard. I can tell you, we’re really working hard.
And if we had the best plan in the history of the world, we wouldn’t get one Democrat vote. Just remember that. If we had a plan that gave you the greatest healthcare ever in history, you wouldn’t get one Democrat vote because they’re obstructionists. They’re bad, right now, for the country. They’ve gone so far left that I don’t know if they can ever come back.
Now as a -- believe it or not -- politician -- I never would call myself a politician, but I guess that’s what I am. I became President; I guess I’m a politician. (Laughter.) Selfishly, I love where they’ve gone because I think they’ve taken the wrong path. But they have gone so far left, trying to appease a certain group, that I think they’ve made a horrible mistake.
But what they have done is they’ve tried to obstruct. And that’s why, when it comes to the elections in ’18, we have to get more, because we’re only up by two in the Senate and a pretty small number in the House. And we have to build those numbers up because we’re just not going to get votes.
Now, maybe times will change, and that could happen at some point. I remember when Republicans and Democrats would fight like hell, then they’d go out, have lunch together, have dinner together, go back, fight like hell, and get a lot of things done. Now the lunches and dinners don’t take place. The level of hatred is beyond anything that I’ve ever seen.
So they’re obstructionists, but we’re going to get healthcare done. We’re going to get the tax cares done -- the tax cuts. We have the biggest tax cut and great tax reform. We’re going to get it done, but sadly, we’re going to have to do it as Republicans because we won’t get any Democrat votes. And that’s a very, very sad, sad thing.
I have filled my administration and Cabinet with people who share our priorities and who want to deliver for the American people. And even that, as you know, it’s so hard -- the process -- because of the obstruction. It’s so hard. You know, they say “resist,” but they really should say “obstruct.” But it’s so hard because you put -- when you hear that we have vacancies, it’s true. But take a look at what’s going on. Getting the simplest appointment is a big deal that takes forever.
Our wonderful Vice President Mike Pence will be here later this week -- what a great guy he is -- (applause) -- great guy -- when Dr. James Dobson -- (applause) -- stand up, James -- stand up, James -- good -- great man, great guy -- thank you, James -- receives a Lifetime Achievement Award. But today I also want to congratulate Dr. Dobson and his wife, Shirley, who was with me at the beginning of the campaign -- right at the beginning of the campaign. And I called back -- she was substituting for James because he was so busy preaching. And I said, you know what, James, she may be better than you are. She was good. (Laughter.) She was good. We had a good time, right? And I’ll tell you what, the audience -- they loved her.
So in advance on that recognition, James, and for everything they have both done to keep the “Focus on the Family,” I just want to congratulate you. It’s just so amazing. Thank you. Great. Great people. (Applause.) Great people. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks, Shirley. Thanks, James.
Family is the foundation of American Life and we are proud to stand together with all of you to promote and protect family values. We’re here today to celebrate two values that have always been linked together, and where Ralph, frankly, has done such a great job in linking them: faith and freedom.
They're linked together because liberty comes from our Creator. Our rights are given to us by a divine authority, and no earthly force can ever take those rights away. (Applause.) That is why my administration is taking power out of Washington and giving it back to the people where it belongs. Said right from the beginning. (Applause.)
For too long, politicians have tried to centralize authority among the hands of a small few in our nation’s capital. People are getting very rich. Bureaucrats think they can run your lives, overrule your values, and tell you how to live.
But we know that families and churches, not government officials, know best how to create a strong and loving community. (Applause.) We know that parents, not bureaucrats, know best how to raise children and create a thriving society. And above all else, we know this: In America, we don’t worship government. We worship God. (Applause.) Right? We worship God. (Applause.)
Thank you. Our religious liberty is enshrined in the very First Amendment in the Bill of Rights. The American Founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence. Don’t worry, we’re not going to let them change it. (Laughter and applause.) You see what goes on nowadays, right?
Benjamin Franklin reminded his colleagues at the Constitutional Convention to begin by bowing their heads in prayer. Inscribed on our currency are the words: “In God We Trust.” And we proudly proclaim that we are “One Nation Under God,” every time we say the Pledge of Allegiance.
You just heard a brave six-year-old patriot named Christian Jacobs beautifully recite that Pledge of Allegiance. I first met Christian last week, after the Memorial Day ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery, where we honor and remember the American patriots who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom.
Christian was in perfect Marine dress blues, as a tribute to his dad –- his beautiful dad. And he walked right up to me, in a big crowd of people. And without hesitation, he asked if I would like to come see where his daddy is resting. Next, he led me over to where Marine Sergeant Christopher Jacobs lies among his brothers-and-sisters-in arms, in Section 60, and showed me pictures of his fallen father who was so great and so important to him.
Not only does young Christian carry those photos, but he carries his father’s love in his heart, and his courage in his beautiful, beaming young face. With his mom, Brittany, by his side -- terrific mother -- I said, is your mother good or is she great? He said, she’s great. I said, you better say that. (Laughter.) He looked me square in the eyes and gave me a firm handshake.
That six-year-old stood strong and tall and proud in front of the Commander-in-Chief, just as I am sure his dad would have wanted him to be. He’s extraordinary. (Applause.)
Christian’s father gave his life to defend our freedoms and our flag. Christian, your father was an American hero, and we are so proud of what you are doing every day to carry on his legacy. (Applause.) And, Christian, we hope to prove worthy of the sacrifices your family has made. And believe me, we’re going to work very hard to live up to your standard. Christian, stand up. Come on, Christian. (Applause.) Thanks, Christian. Good job. Good job. Special guy.
Every day, our brave men and women in uniform are risking their lives to keep this country safe from murderous groups like ISIS, al Qaeda, and so many more. We must confront this evil that plagues humanity, and eradicate it from our planet. (Applause.)
The vicious slaughters in Manchester and the streets of London underscore the depths of depravity that we face. But these atrocities only harden our resolve. We’re getting better and better and tougher and tougher and smarter and smarter, Christian.
We cannot allow radical Islamic terrorism to spread in our country, or allow extremists to find sanctuary on our shores. (Applause.) We will protect our country, we will protect our families, and our ways of life will always be protected. We will crush this enemy that is waging war on all of civilization.
Last month, I traveled to Saudi Arabia to speak to the leaders of more than 50 Muslim and Arab countries, and to rally them in the common fight against the terrorism, which is a menace to people of all religions. There can be no coexistence with this violence. I told these leaders that they must drive out this enemy from the face of the Earth. Every child of God, no matter where they live, what language they speak, or what book they live by, deserves to be able to grow up in harmony, dignity, and peace.
In that summit, the likes of which there has never been any summit like it -- you’ve seen, you watched it -- we reached historic agreements to fight not only terrorism but the wicked ideology that really drives it -- I mean, it’s really driving it -- and to starve this enemy of the funds -- the billions and billions and billions of dollars that’s being poured out into the enemy. I think it was one of the great, great summits. And I think it’s going to have a profound effect on terrorism. (Applause.)
Finally, because my administration is deeply committed to the right of religious believers everywhere to be free from persecution, I called on these leaders to protect Muslims, and Christians, and Jews, and people of all faiths. Because you know what’s going on there. And it’s horrible -- horrible. Terrorism is a threat, and it is a big threat to religious liberty around the world. And all responsible nations must protect the right of people to live and worship according to their conscience. (Applause.)
Here in America, my administration is determined to work with you to protect your religious liberty not just for some but for everyone. Together, we can crush the horrors of terrorism. We can usher in a new era of faith, family, and freedom.
Because we understand that a nation is more than just a geography. A nation is the sum of its citizens, their hopes, their dreams, their values, and their prayers. America is a land rich with history and culture, and filled with people of courage, kindness, and strength. And though we have many stories we all share at home, the one thing we do share is one beautiful destiny. And whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood. (Applause.) We all salute the same great American flag. (Applause.) And we are all made by the same Almighty God. (Applause.)
We face many challenges. There are many hills and mountains to climb. But, one by one, we will scale those summits and we will get the job done and get the job done correctly. We will prove worthy of this very, very important moment in history. As long as we have pride in our beliefs, courage in our convictions, and faith in our God, then we will not fail. (Applause.)
And as long as our country remains true to its values, loyal to its citizens, and devoted to its Creator, then our best days are yet to come because we will make America great again.
Thank you. God bless you. (Applause.)
END
1:04 P.M. EDT12:02 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Thank you, Mike. I really appreciate everything and I appreciate you being here. But I especially want to thank Secretary Elaine Chao, Leader Kevin McCarthy -- thank you, Kevin -- Chairman Bill Shuster -- thank you very much, Bill -- and all the members of Congress -- we have many of them here today -- for joining us as we prepare to enter a great new era in American aviation. (Applause.) It’s about time, too, I can tell you.
But before discussing our plans to modernize air travel, I want to provide an update on our efforts to fix and modernize vital services for our veterans -- our great, great veterans who we all love. For decades the federal government has struggled to accomplish something that should be very, very simple -- seamlessly transferring a veteran’s medical records from the Defense Department to the veterans groups and to the VA. In recent years, it has taken not just days or weeks, but many months for the records to follow the veteran. This has caused massive problems for our veterans.
I’m very proud to say that we are finally taking steps to solve this situation once and for all. Secretary Shulkin announced this morning that the VA will announce and modernize its medical records to use the same system as the Department of Defense. No more complications. The records will now be able to follow the veteran when they leave service -- meaning faster, better, and far better quality care. (Applause.) Thank you.
This is one of the biggest wins for our veterans in decades. And I congratulate Secretary Shulkin for making this very, very important decision. Thank you, Secretary. Appreciate it. I appreciate it. He’s done a great job. Stand up, Secretary. Where is Secretary Shulkin? What a great job. Thank you.
Of course, there is still much work to do, but today’s action shows the determined leadership and what it can accomplish -- great, great reform. So, again, to David Shulkin, thank you. To all of our veterans who have a served this nation, a very, very special thank you. This is truly wonderful, really monumental reform, so important for our veterans. But it’s just the beginning.
We’re here today to discuss another issue that has gone unsolved for far too long. For too many years, our country has tolerated unacceptable delays at the airport, long wait times on the tarmac, and a slowing of commerce and travel that costs us billions and billions of dollars in lost hours and lost dollars themselves. Today, we are proposing to take American air travel into the future -- finally. (Applause.) Finally, right? Finally. It’s been a long time.
We’re proposing reduced wait times, increased route efficiency, and far fewer delays. Our plan will get you where you need to go more quickly, more reliably, more affordably and, yes -- for the first time in a long time -- on time. We will launch this air travel revolution by modernizing the outdated system of air traffic control. It’s about time. (Applause.)
Since the early days of commercial air service, the federal government has owned and operated the United States air traffic control system. Yet, more than a half a century later, the government is still using much of the exact same outdated technology. At a time when every passenger has GPS technology in their pockets, our air traffic control system still runs on radar and ground-based radio systems that they don’t even make anymore, they can’t even fix anymore, and many controllers must use slips of paper to track our thousands and thousands of planes that are up in the air.
Our air traffic control system was designed when roughly 100,000 people flew at our airports each year. We are now approaching nearly one billion passengers annually. The current system cannot keep up -- hasn’t been able to keep up for many years. It causes flight delays and crippling inefficiencies, costing our economy as much as $25 billion a year in economic output. We live in a modern age, yet our air traffic control system is stuck painfully in the past.
The FAA has been trying to upgrade our nation’s air traffic control system for a long period of years. But after billions and billions of tax dollars spent and the many years of delays, we are still stuck with an ancient, broken, antiquated, horrible system that doesn’t work. Other than that, it’s quite good. (Laughter.)
The previous administration spent over $7 billion trying to upgrade the system, and totally failed. Honestly, they didn’t know what the hell they were doing. A total waste of money -- $7 billion-plus-plus.
It’s time to join the future. That is why I’m proposing new principles to Congress for air traffic control reform making flights quicker, safer and more reliable. Crucially, these reforms are supported by air traffic controllers themselves. They’re the ones that know the systems that they want. They know it better than anybody. And we have people -- they don’t even call them in the past. But now we call them.
I’m also proud to be joined today by passenger advocates, pilot unions, and leaders of airlines and cargo companies who strongly support our new framework and our bidding process. And we’re bidding, ideally, to one great company -- there will be many bids, but one great company that can piece it all together -- not many companies all over the United States, like in the past. When they came time to piece it together, it didn’t work. There were all different systems. We threw away billions and billions of dollars.
I am very grateful that every former FAA chief and chief operating officers and three former Transportation Secretaries -- Jim Burnley, Elizabeth Dole, and Mary Peters -- stand with us today. Thank you. (Applause.) This is an incredible coalition for change. All over the room, it’s a coalition for change. The leaders of the industry.
At its core, our new plan will dramatically improve America’s air traffic control system by turning it over to a self-financing, non-profit organization. This new entity will not need taxpayer money, which is very shocking when people hear that. They don’t hear that too often.
Under this new plan, the Federal Aviation Administration will focus firmly on what it does best -- safety. A separate non-profit entity would be charged with ensuring route efficiency, timely service, and a long-awaited reduction in delays.
Our plan will also maintain support for rural communities and small airports, including airfields used by our Air National Guard units -- great people. And, very importantly, air traffic controllers will highly -- and this will be highly valued. These are highly valued people. These are amazing people that know this system so well. And under our plan, they will have more financial security, professional opportunity, and far superior equipment. The best equipment anywhere in the world. There will never be anything like what we’re doing. And other systems are very good. I won’t tell you the names of the country, but we have studied numerous countries, one in particular -- they have a very, very good system. Ours is going to top it by a lot.
Our incredible air traffic controllers keep us safe every day even though they are forced to use this badly outdated system. That is why we want to give them access to capital markets and investors so they can obtain the best, newest, and safest technology available. And by the way, the new technology -- and I’ve seen it -- is incredible.
If we adopt these changes, Americans can look forward to cheaper, faster, and safer travel -- a future where 20 percent of a ticket price doesn’t go to the government, and where you don’t have to sit on a tarmac or circle for hours and hours over an airport -- which is very dangerous also -- before you land.
Dozens of countries have already made similar changes with terrific results. And we’re going to top them, actually, by a long shot. Canada, as an example, modernized their air traffic control through a non-government organization about 20 years ago, and they have cut costs significantly, adopted cutting-edge
technology, and handled 50 percent more traffic -- and actually, far more than that on a relative basis compared to us.
A modern air traffic control system will make life better for all Americans who travel, ship, or fly. It will reduce cost and increase convenience for every American consumer -- and these new efficiencies will produce a huge economic boost for the country, and for the 1 in 14 American jobs that aviation supports.
Today, we are taking the first important step to clearing the runway for more jobs, lower prices, and much, much, much better transportation. America is the nation that pioneered air travel, and with these reforms, we can once again lead the way far into the future. Our nation will move faster, fly higher, and soar proudly toward the next great chapter of American aviation.
Thank you. God bless you. And God bless the United States of America. Thank you. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
(The initiative is signed.)
END
12:13 P.M. EDTTranscript:
My fellow Americans,
I am thrilled to be back in the United States after our first historic foreign trip.
Over the course of 9 days, Melania and I traveled to some of the holiest sites in the three Abrahamic religions and met with nearly 100 foreign leaders. Everywhere we went, my goal was to advance American interests, to build a coalition of nations to drive out the terrorists, and to unlock a future of peace, prosperity, and hope for all Americans – and people around the world.
In Saudi Arabia, I was honored to participate in a historic summit with the leaders of more than 50 Muslim and Arab nations, where King Salman and many other leaders expressed their desire to take on a greater role in defeating terrorists who murder innocents of all faiths.
At this unprecedented summit, we opened a new center to combat extremist ideology, launched a task force to block funding for terrorists, and agreed to a massive economic development deal that will create hundreds of thousands of new jobs in the United States.
I also discussed the importance of the nations of the region taking more responsibility on migration – so that more young people are part of creating a better future in their home societies.
From Saudi Arabia, I traveled to Jerusalem, where I reaffirmed the unbreakable bond between the United States and Israel. There, I prayed at the Western Wall, visited the Church of the Holy Sepulcher, and was awed by the majesty of that sacred land and the perseverance of the Jewish people.
I also traveled to Bethlehem, another ancient city of wonder, where I met with Palestinian leader President Abbas. Both President Abbas and Prime Minister Netanyahu assured me they are ready to reach for peace.
From Israel, I traveled to Italy, where Melania and I were greatly honored to visit the Vatican and meet Pope Francis. He was really wonderful – a great guy.
Then, I traveled to two summits with our key allies – first, the NATO Summit in Brussels, where nations agreed they must do more to meet their financial obligations and pay their fair share – because right now, it is not fair to the United States. But it soon will be.
Next, I attended the G-7 Summit in Italy, where we worked to improve coordination on shared security threats, achieve more fair trade that gives workers a level playing field, and agreed on the goal that refugees should be resettled as close to their home countries as possible so they can be part of the future rebuilding.
Before we returned home, I was delighted to conclude my trip by visiting American military families – unbelievable people, the true source of our strength. We will always protect those who protect us.
Our first foreign trip was full of historic and unprecedented achievements. Joined by many old and new friends, we have paved the way for the new era of cooperation – one that calls upon each nation to take more responsibility to bring peace to their people. One that works together to defeat the scourge of terrorism and deliver hope to all of God’s children. And one that protects American interests so we remain a strong and prosperous nation – strong and prosperous, like never before – and a beacon of freedom and opportunity for many years to come.
Thank you. God bless you. And God bless the United States of America.3:32 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. (Applause.) Thank you. I would like to begin by addressing the terrorist attack in Manila. We’re closely monitoring the situation, and I will continue to give updates if anything happens during this period of time. But it is really very sad as to what’s going on throughout the world with terror. Our thoughts and our prayers are with all of those affected.
Before we discuss the Paris Accord, I’d like to begin with an update on our tremendous -- absolutely tremendous -- economic progress since Election Day on November 8th. The economy is starting to come back, and very, very rapidly. We’ve added $3.3 trillion in stock market value to our economy, and more than a million private sector jobs.
I have just returned from a trip overseas where we concluded nearly $350 billion of military and economic development for the United States, creating hundreds of thousands of jobs. It was a very, very successful trip, believe me. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you.
In my meetings at the G7, we have taken historic steps to demand fair and reciprocal trade that gives Americans a level playing field against other nations. We’re also working very hard for peace in the Middle East, and perhaps even peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians. Our attacks on terrorism are greatly stepped up -- and you see that, you see it all over -- from the previous administration, including getting many other countries to make major contributions to the fight against terror. Big, big contributions are being made by countries that weren’t doing so much in the form of contribution.
One by one, we are keeping the promises I made to the American people during my campaign for President –- whether it’s cutting job-killing regulations; appointing and confirming a tremendous Supreme Court justice; putting in place tough new ethics rules; achieving a record reduction in illegal immigration on our southern border; or bringing jobs, plants, and factories back into the United States at numbers which no one until this point thought even possible. And believe me, we’ve just begun. The fruits of our labor will be seen very shortly even more so.
On these issues and so many more, we’re following through on our commitments. And I don’t want anything to get in our way. I am fighting every day for the great people of this country. Therefore, in order to fulfill my solemn duty to protect America and its citizens, the United States will withdraw from the Paris Climate Accord -- (applause) -- thank you, thank you -- but begin negotiations to reenter either the Paris Accord or a really entirely new transaction on terms that are fair to the United States, its businesses, its workers, its people, its taxpayers. So we’re getting out. But we will start to negotiate, and we will see if we can make a deal that’s fair. And if we can, that’s great. And if we can’t, that’s fine. (Applause.)
As President, I can put no other consideration before the wellbeing of American citizens. The Paris Climate Accord is simply the latest example of Washington entering into an agreement that disadvantages the United States to the exclusive benefit of other countries, leaving American workers -- who I love -- and taxpayers to absorb the cost in terms of lost jobs, lower wages, shuttered factories, and vastly diminished economic production.
Thus, as of today, the United States will cease all implementation of the non-binding Paris Accord and the draconian financial and economic burdens the agreement imposes on our country. This includes ending the implementation of the nationally determined contribution and, very importantly, the Green Climate Fund which is costing the United States a vast fortune.
Compliance with the terms of the Paris Accord and the onerous energy restrictions it has placed on the United States could cost America as much as 2.7 million lost jobs by 2025 according to the National Economic Research Associates. This includes 440,000 fewer manufacturing jobs -- not what we need -- believe me, this is not what we need -- including automobile jobs, and the further decimation of vital American industries on which countless communities rely. They rely for so much, and we would be giving them so little.
According to this same study, by 2040, compliance with the commitments put into place by the previous administration would cut production for the following sectors: paper down 12 percent; cement down 23 percent; iron and steel down 38 percent; coal -- and I happen to love the coal miners -- down 86 percent; natural gas down 31 percent. The cost to the economy at this time would be close to $3 trillion in lost GDP and 6.5 million industrial jobs, while households would have $7,000 less income and, in many cases, much worse than that.
Not only does this deal subject our citizens to harsh economic restrictions, it fails to live up to our environmental ideals. As someone who cares deeply about the environment, which I do, I cannot in good conscience support a deal that punishes the United States -- which is what it does -– the world’s leader in environmental protection, while imposing no meaningful obligations on the world’s leading polluters.
For example, under the agreement, China will be able to increase these emissions by a staggering number of years -- 13. They can do whatever they want for 13 years. Not us. India makes its participation contingent on receiving billions and billions and billions of dollars in foreign aid from developed countries. There are many other examples. But the bottom line is that the Paris Accord is very unfair, at the highest level, to the United States.
Further, while the current agreement effectively blocks the development of clean coal in America -- which it does, and the mines are starting to open up. We’re having a big opening in two weeks. Pennsylvania, Ohio, West Virginia, so many places. A big opening of a brand-new mine. It’s unheard of. For many, many years, that hasn’t happened. They asked me if I’d go. I’m going to try.
China will be allowed to build hundreds of additional coal plants. So we can’t build the plants, but they can, according to this agreement. India will be allowed to double its coal production by 2020. Think of it: India can double their coal production. We’re supposed to get rid of ours. Even Europe is allowed to continue construction of coal plants.
In short, the agreement doesn’t eliminate coal jobs, it just transfers those jobs out of America and the United States, and ships them to foreign countries.
This agreement is less about the climate and more about other countries gaining a financial advantage over the United States. The rest of the world applauded when we signed the Paris Agreement -- they went wild; they were so happy -- for the simple reason that it put our country, the United States of America, which we all love, at a very, very big economic disadvantage. A cynic would say the obvious reason for economic competitors and their wish to see us remain in the agreement is so that we continue to suffer this self-inflicted major economic wound. We would find it very hard to compete with other countries from other parts of the world.
We have among the most abundant energy reserves on the planet, sufficient to lift millions of America’s poorest workers out of poverty. Yet, under this agreement, we are effectively putting these reserves under lock and key, taking away the great wealth of our nation -- it's great wealth, it's phenomenal wealth; not so long ago, we had no idea we had such wealth -- and leaving millions and millions of families trapped in poverty and joblessness.
The agreement is a massive redistribution of United States wealth to other countries. At 1 percent growth, renewable sources of energy can meet some of our domestic demand, but at 3 or 4 percent growth, which I expect, we need all forms of available American energy, or our country -- (applause) -- will be at grave risk of brownouts and blackouts, our businesses will come to a halt in many cases, and the American family will suffer the consequences in the form of lost jobs and a very diminished quality of life.
Even if the Paris Agreement were implemented in full, with total compliance from all nations, it is estimated it would only produce a two-tenths of one degree -- think of that; this much -- Celsius reduction in global temperature by the year 2100. Tiny, tiny amount. In fact, 14 days of carbon emissions from China alone would wipe out the gains from America -- and this is an incredible statistic -- would totally wipe out the gains from America's expected reductions in the year 2030, after we have had to spend billions and billions of dollars, lost jobs, closed factories, and suffered much higher energy costs for our businesses and for our homes.
As the Wall Street Journal wrote this morning: “The reality is that withdrawing is in America’s economic interest and won’t matter much to the climate.” The United States, under the Trump administration, will continue to be the cleanest and most environmentally friendly country on Earth. We'll be the cleanest. We're going to have the cleanest air. We're going to have the cleanest water. We will be environmentally friendly, but we're not going to put our businesses out of work and we're not going to lose our jobs. We're going to grow; we're going to grow rapidly. (Applause.)
And I think you just read -- it just came out minutes ago, the small business report -- small businesses as of just now are booming, hiring people. One of the best reports they've seen in many years.
I’m willing to immediately work with Democratic leaders to either negotiate our way back into Paris, under the terms that are fair to the United States and its workers, or to negotiate a new deal that protects our country and its taxpayers. (Applause.)
So if the obstructionists want to get together with me, let’s make them non-obstructionists. We will all sit down, and we will get back into the deal. And we’ll make it good, and we won’t be closing up our factories, and we won’t be losing our jobs. And we’ll sit down with the Democrats and all of the people that represent either the Paris Accord or something that we can do that's much better than the Paris Accord. And I think the people of our country will be thrilled, and I think then the people of the world will be thrilled. But until we do that, we're out of the agreement.
I will work to ensure that America remains the world’s leader on environmental issues, but under a framework that is fair and where the burdens and responsibilities are equally shared among the many nations all around the world.
No responsible leader can put the workers -- and the people -- of their country at this debilitating and tremendous disadvantage. The fact that the Paris deal hamstrings the United States, while empowering some of the world’s top polluting countries, should dispel any doubt as to the real reason why foreign lobbyists wish to keep our magnificent country tied up and bound down by this agreement: It’s to give their country an economic edge over the United States. That's not going to happen while I’m President. I’m sorry. (Applause.)
My job as President is to do everything within my power to give America a level playing field and to create the economic, regulatory and tax structures that make America the most prosperous and productive country on Earth, and with the highest standard of living and the highest standard of environmental protection.
Our tax bill is moving along in Congress, and I believe it’s doing very well. I think a lot of people will be very pleasantly surprised. The Republicans are working very, very hard. We’d love to have support from the Democrats, but we may have to go it alone. But it’s going very well.
The Paris Agreement handicaps the United States economy in order to win praise from the very foreign capitals and global activists that have long sought to gain wealth at our country’s expense. They don’t put America first. I do, and I always will. (Applause.)
The same nations asking us to stay in the agreement are the countries that have collectively cost America trillions of dollars through tough trade practices and, in many cases, lax contributions to our critical military alliance. You see what’s happening. It’s pretty obvious to those that want to keep an open mind.
At what point does America get demeaned? At what point do they start laughing at us as a country? We want fair treatment for its citizens, and we want fair treatment for our taxpayers. We don’t want other leaders and other countries laughing at us anymore. And they won’t be. They won’t be.
I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris. (Applause.) I promised I would exit or renegotiate any deal which fails to serve America’s interests. Many trade deals will soon be under renegotiation. Very rarely do we have a deal that works for this country, but they’ll soon be under renegotiation. The process has begun from day one. But now we’re down to business.
Beyond the severe energy restrictions inflicted by the Paris Accord, it includes yet another scheme to redistribute wealth out of the United States through the so-called Green Climate Fund -- nice name -- which calls for developed countries to send $100 billion to developing countries all on top of America’s existing and massive foreign aid payments. So we’re going to be paying billions and billions and billions of dollars, and we’re already way ahead of anybody else. Many of the other countries haven’t spent anything, and many of them will never pay one dime.
The Green Fund would likely obligate the United States to commit potentially tens of billions of dollars of which the United States has already handed over $1 billion -- nobody else is even close; most of them haven’t even paid anything -- including funds raided out of America’s budget for the war against terrorism. That’s where they came. Believe me, they didn’t come from me. They came just before I came into office. Not good. And not good the way they took the money.
In 2015, the United Nation's departing top climate officials reportedly described the $100 billion per year as “peanuts,” and stated that "the $100 billion is the tail that wags the dog." In 2015, the Green Climate Fund’s executive director reportedly stated that estimated funding needed would increase to $450 billion per year after 2020. And nobody even knows where the money is going to. Nobody has been able to say, where is it going to?
Of course, the world’s top polluters have no affirmative obligations under the Green Fund, which we terminated. America is $20 trillion in debt. Cash-strapped cities cannot hire enough police officers or fix vital infrastructure. Millions of our citizens are out of work. And yet, under the Paris Accord, billions of dollars that ought to be invested right here in America will be sent to the very countries that have taken our factories and our jobs away from us. So think of that.
There are serious legal and constitutional issues as well. Foreign leaders in Europe, Asia, and across the world should not have more to say with respect to the U.S. economy than our own citizens and their elected representatives. Thus, our withdrawal from the agreement represents a reassertion of America’s sovereignty. (Applause.) Our Constitution is unique among all the nations of the world, and it is my highest obligation and greatest honor to protect it. And I will.
Staying in the agreement could also pose serious obstacles for the United States as we begin the process of unlocking the restrictions on America’s abundant energy reserves, which we have started very strongly. It would once have been unthinkable that an international agreement could prevent the United States from conducting its own domestic economic affairs, but this is the new reality we face if we do not leave the agreement or if we do not negotiate a far better deal.
The risks grow as historically these agreements only tend to become more and more ambitious over time. In other words, the Paris framework is a starting point -- as bad as it is -- not an end point. And exiting the agreement protects the United States from future intrusions on the United States' sovereignty and massive future legal liability. Believe me, we have massive legal liability if we stay in.
As President, I have one obligation, and that obligation is to the American people. The Paris Accord would undermine our economy, hamstring our workers, weaken our sovereignty, impose unacceptable legal risks, and put us at a permanent disadvantage to the other countries of the world. It is time to exit the Paris Accord -- (applause) -- and time to pursue a new deal that protects the environment, our companies, our citizens, and our country.
It is time to put Youngstown, Ohio, Detroit, Michigan, and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania -- along with many, many other locations within our great country -- before Paris, France. It is time to make America great again. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Thank you very much. Very important. I’d like to ask Scott Pruitt, who most of you know and respect, as I do, just to say a few words.
Scott, please. (Applause.)
ADMINISTRATOR PRUITT: Thank you, Mr. President. Your decision today to exit the Paris Accord reflects your unflinching commitment to put America first.
And by exiting, you're fulfilling yet one more campaign promise to the American people. Please know that I am thankful for your fortitude, your courage, and your steadfastness as you serve and lead our country.
America finally has a leader who answers only to the people -- not to the special interests who have had their way for way too long. In everything you do, Mr. President, you're fighting for the forgotten men and women across this country. You're a champion for the hardworking citizens all across this land who just want a government that listens to them and represents their interest.
You have promised to put America First in all that you do, and you've done that in any number of ways -- from trade, to national security, to protecting our border, to rightsizing Washington, D.C. And today you've put America first with regard to international agreements and the environment.
This is an historic restoration of American economic independence -- one that will benefit the working class, the working poor, and working people of all stripes. With this action, you have declared that the people are rulers of this country once again. And it should be noted that we as a nation do it better than anyone in the world in striking the balance between growing our economy, growing jobs while also being a good steward of our environment.
We owe no apologies to other nations for our environmental stewardship. After all, before the Paris Accord was ever signed, America had reduced its CO2 footprint to levels from the early 1990s. In fact, between the years 2000 and 2014, the United States reduced its carbon emissions by 18-plus percent. And this was accomplished not through government mandate, but accomplished through innovation and technology of the American private sector.
For that reason, Mr. President, you have corrected a view that was paramount in Paris that somehow the United States should penalize its own economy, be apologetic, lead with our chin, while the rest of world does little. Other nations talk a good game; we lead with action -- not words. (Applause.)
Our efforts, Mr. President, as you know, should be on exporting our technology, our innovation to nations who seek to reduce their CO2 footprint to learn from us. That should be our focus versus agreeing to unachievable targets that harm our economy and the American people.
Mr. President, it takes courage, it takes commitment to say no to the plaudits of men while doing what’s right by the American people. You have that courage, and the American people can take comfort because you have their backs.
Thank you, Mr. President.
END
4:03 P.M. EDT11:30 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you so much. And thank you, General Dunford and Secretary Mattis, for your moving words and for your service to our great nation. Vice President Pence, Cabinet Secretaries, members of Congress, members of the Armed Forces and veterans -- thank you for joining us as we honor the brave warriors who gave their lives for ours, spending their last moments on this Earth in defense of this country and of its people.
Words cannot measure the depth of their devotion, the purity of their love, or the totality of their courage. We only hope that every day we can prove worthy not only of their sacrifice and service but of the sacrifice made by the families and loved ones they left behind. Special, special people.
I especially want to extend our gratitude to Secretary John Kelly for joining us today. Incredible man. (Applause.) I always like to call him General. He understands more than most ever could or ever will the wounds and burdens of war. Not only did Secretary proudly serve in the military for more than 40 years, enduring many hardships, but he and his incredible wife Karen have borne the single most difficult hardship of them all
-- the loss of their son, Robert, in service to our country. Robert died fighting the enemies of all civilizations in Afghanistan.
To John, Karen, Heather, Kate, Andrea and the entire Kelly family, today 300 million American hearts are joined together with yours. We grieve with you. We honor you. And we pledge to you that we will always remember Robert and what he did for all of us. Thank you, John. (Applause.)
The Kelly family represents military families across the country who carry the burden of freedom on their shoulders. Secretary Kelly is joined today by his son-in-law, Jake, a Wounded Warrior. And the Secretary’s son, Johnnie, will soon leave on his fifth deployment. It is because of families like yours that all of our families can live in safety and live in peace.
To every Gold Star family who honors us with your presence, you lost sons and daughters, husbands and wives, mothers and fathers. They each had their own names, their own stories, their own beautiful dreams. But they were all angels sent to us by God, and they all share one title in common -- and that is the title of hero. (Applause.) Real heroes. Though they were here only a brief time before God called them home, their legacy will endure forever.
General Douglas MacArthur once said that “the soldier who is called upon to offer and to give his life for his country is the noblest development of mankind.” Here at this hallowed shrine, we honor the noblest among us -- the men and women who paid the ultimate price for victory and for freedom. We pay tribute to those brave souls who raced into gunfire, roared into battle, and ran into hell to face down evil. They made their sacrifice not for fame, or for money, or even for glory -- but for country.
We are privileged to be joined today by a man whose life demonstrates the values of service and sacrifice: Senator Bob Dole, here with his wife, Senator Elizabeth Dole. (Applause.) Senator Dole fought bravely in World War II, and was severely wounded by German fire. In just a few weeks, Bob will be celebrating his 94th birthday. (Applause.)
And, Bob, I know I speak for millions of grateful Americans when I say thank you. (Applause.) Thank you, Bob. We thank you not only for your service, but for helping us to remember your fallen comrades and the countless American patriots who gave their lives in the Second World War.
Since the first volley of gunfire in the Revolution, brave Americans in every generation have answered the call of duty and won victory for freedom in its hour of need. Today, a new generation of American patriots are fighting to win the battle against terrorism -- risking their lives to protect our citizens from an enemy that uses the murder of innocents to wage war on humanity itself.
We are joined today by the wife of Specialist Christopher Horton, who rests on these so beautiful grounds. As Jane tells us, Chris “was a man who loved his country with every part of his being.”
In 2008, Chris enlisted in the Oklahoma Army National Guard. He trained as a sniper, becoming known as one of the best shots anywhere at any time. He was a talented, tough guy. While Chris was in the National Guard, he was also a volunteer police officer. In everything he did, he was thinking about how he could serve God, serve his family and serve his country.
In 2011, he deployed for the first time to Afghanistan. Chris knew his job was one of the most dangerous there was, but he was determined to go after the enemy at any cost to himself. His missions helped target and kill terrorists who sought to destroy innocent people. Just three months into his first deployment, Chris was near the Pakistan border, trying to eliminate an enemy cell that was doing so much damage and that was planting deadly roadside bombs against his unit and the units of many others. Standing watch with his comrades, he died in the ensuing gun battle with enemy forces. Chris sacrificed his life to protect his fellow soldiers -- and to protect all Americans. He was awarded the Purple Heart and Bronze Star for his courage. At only 26 years old, Chris secured his place in our hearts for eternity.
Jane, America, grieves with you. Our whole entire nation sends you our support, our strength, and our deep, deep love. You lost your husband, and America lost a hero. And together, we will preserve his memory -- today, tomorrow, and always. Thank you, Jane. (Applause.) Thank you, Jane. Thank you, Jane. (Applause.) Thank you, Jane.
We are also joined today by David and Rose Byers, the parents of Major Andrew Byers. As a boy, Andrew dreamed of the chance to attend the United States Military Academy at West Point. He worked hard, he earned that chance, and he graduated at the top of his class. He became the commander of a Special HALO team, leading his fellow soldiers out of aircraft, hurtling into dangerous and unknown territory.
About this time last year, Andrew was sent on his third combat deployment. This time he went to Afghanistan. On November 3rd, he was one of 10 Special Forces operators to land by helicopter near a Taliban safe haven in northern Afghanistan. They trekked through a mile of waist-deep mud and climbed a steep cliff before finally reaching the village that they wanted to reach. There, a night-long battle ensued. Andrew and his team fought off wave after wave after wave of enemy fighters. A grenade detonated, and as the Taliban began to surround the American and Afghan forces, Andrew ran through the smoke and through the hail of bullets to rescue an Afghan soldier. In the midst of this torrent of gunfire and danger, Andrew worked heroically to open a gateway and get his men to safety -- risking his life to save theirs. And he did it. Unbelievably, he did. But in saving those lives, Andrew was killed right then and there by enemy fire. Andrew has since been awarded the Silver Star for gallantry in battle.
To his parents, David and Rose, we stand in awe of your son and his courageous sacrifice. On behalf of the American people, I express to you our everlasting gratitude for what your son did for his country, for his comrades, and for all of us.
Andrew’s father has said that he holds on to the promise of Joshua Chapter 1, Verse 9: “The Lord your God will be with you wherever you go.” Thank you. Thank you. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you. (Applause.) What a man he was.
To every Gold Star family, God is with you, and your loved ones are with Him. They died in wars so that we could live in peace. I believe that God has a special place in heaven for those who laid down their lives so that others may live free from fear and this horrible oppression.
Now let us pledge to make the most of that freedom that they so gallantly and brilliantly fought for and they died to protect. Let us also pledge to tell the stories of Robert, Chris, Andrew, and all of America’s fallen warriors today and for the next 1,000 years. (Applause.)
And while we cannot know the extent of your pain, what we do know is that our gratitude to them and to you is boundless and undying. Boundless and undying. We'll always be there. Thank you. (Applause.) Their stories are now woven into the soul of our nation, into the Stars and Stripes on our flag, and into the beating hearts of our great, great people.
Today we also hold a special vigil for heroes whose story we cannot tell because their names are known to God alone -- the unknown soldiers. We do not know where they came from, who they left behind, or what they hoped to be. But we do know what they did. They fought and they died in a great and noble act of loyalty and love to their families and to our country.
The letter written that is now famous -- one Civil War soldier captured it all and for all time. He wrote to his wife, “If I do not return, my dear Sarah, never forget how much I love you, nor that when my last breath escapes me on the battlefield, it will whisper your name.” That is the love we hear whispering throughout this sacred place and from every tombstone on these hallowed grounds. It is the love that binds this earth beneath us and it bleeds from the hearts of all of those who died so that we might live free.
We can never replace them. We can never repay them. But we can always remember. And today, that is what we are doing -- we remember. Words cannot wipe away the tears or bring back those smiling faces. But if Americans just take the time to look into your eyes and tell you how much we thank you and how dearly we pray for you and how truly we love you, then hopefully you can find solace through your pain. And every time you see the sun rise over this blessed land please know your brave sons and daughters pushed away the night and delivered for us all that great and glorious dawn.
Thank you. God bless you. God bless our fallen heroes. God bless their families. God bless our military. And God bless the United States of America. (Applause.)
END
11:50 A.M. EDTNaval Air Base Sigonella
Italy
4:57 P.M. CEST
MRS. TRUMP: What a beautiful place! (Applause.) We had the greatest time here. We did a lot of great stuff. And I want to thank you very much. This has been an incredible trip, and great strides have been made. My husband worked very hard on behalf of our country, and I’m very proud of him.
This trip has also been incredible for me as First Lady. In Saudi Arabia, I visited children at a local school and a call center with all-female employees. In Israel, I spent time with some children at Haddasah Medical Center along with Mrs. Netanyahu. In Rome, I was honored and blessed to be granted an audience with His Holiness, Pope Francis, followed by a very special visit to Bambino Gesu Children Hospital.
Just hours after leaving, a young boy I spent time with found out he had received a new heart donor. Receiving that news is a moment I will never forget, and I wish him a speedy recovery.
In Brussels, I met with Queen Mathilda, and participated in a forum on preventing the online exploitation of children, then paid a visit to the patients at Queen Fabiola's Children Hospital.
This trip, for me, has been very special and I will never forget the women and children I met. As one of the kids at the hospital that I visit said in a picture he drew for me: We are all the same.
I also want to take a moment to thank you all for the sacrifices you make on behalf of our country. It is because of your selfless commitment that we enjoy the freedoms we have today. And to the families who endure time apart, or constant moves to the base, your sacrifices do not go unnoticed or unappreciated. Thank you and God bless you. (Applause.)
And now it is my great honor to introduce my husband, the President of the United States, Donald J. Trump. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA!
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I've got to get the lipstick off. Is it off? (Laughter.) Thank you, honey. Thank you both. That's great.
And I'm trying to figure out who’s in that helicopter that is coming in. It may be Prime Minister Abe. It may be Justin from Canada. Great people. We made a lot of good friends this week, I'll tell you, a lot of good friends. They’re good people.
America is very blessed with a lot of great diplomats. And I have to say this, as she just walks over here -- but I don't think the United States could possibly have a better emissary than our magnificent, and wonderful person, our First Lady, Melania. Thank you. Thank you, honey. (Applause.) The countries of the world have a large number of disagreements, but they all agree with me on that one -- that I can tell you. So everywhere we go, it's the same old story. So, great job.
And you know, we've been gone for now a long time. Everywhere I go -- but we have been gone for close to nine days -- this will be nine days. And I think we hit a homerun no matter where we are. We're thrilled to be here right now. And we're getting on that very big plane -- we're heading back to Washington and the United States. But to be with you at our great naval air station is wonderful. I can think of no better way to conclude our first foreign trip than to spend the time with you right here, with the incredible men and women of the United States Navy, and with all of our brave soldiers, sailors, airmen and Marines -- (applause) -- and our great civilians -- we support them, right? (Applause.) A very proud nation salutes you. A very, very proud nation. And I'll tell you what, we are very, very proud of you.
Every single day, you protect the safety and security of the American people -- and provide a symbol of hope, freedom and justice for the world. To our friends and allies, you are the ultimate reassurance -- to our enemies, you are the ultimate deterrent.
You’re the metal spine forged out of the fires of American strength. And you notice how much stronger we're getting? Have you -- feeling it? Are you feeling it? (Applause.) All that new equipment just coming in. You saw what we did with our military budget -- way up. Took a little heat on that one, but it's okay with me. You are the men and women who make up the most powerful military in the world -- and under my administration -- as you know, you've seen it, right -- under my administration, stronger and stronger every single day. (Applause.)
I want to thank Captain Brent Trickle for leading to prepare for this visit -- and you really have done a lot, I've seen it -- feel free to sound liberty call as soon as wheels are up. Okay? (Applause.) That's sounds -- maybe I'll stay down with you and celebrate together this way. (Applause.)
But before going any further, I also want to express, on behalf of the United States, our gratitude to our Italian and NATO allies here today. We have a lot of them. (Applause.) You’re stationed at the crossroads of the Mediterranean, working side-by-side with Americans to confront the threats associated with the tremendous violence, suffering and instability across North Africa and the Middle East. To every service member from Italy, from a NATO country, we want to thank you for your friendship, and for partnering with us in the fight to defeat terrorism and protect civilization. (Applause.) Better believe it.
Terrorism is a threat -- bad threat -- to all of humanity -- and together, we will overcome this threat. We will win. (Applause.)
But none of what we achieve would be possible without our wonderful military spouses and families. (Applause.) Each of you makes these great sacrifices for our country as well. Let’s hear it for the military spouses. (Applause.) We will always support you and we will never, ever forget you. That I can tell you.
There’s one more very special group I have to thank, and that is our eighth grade students right here in Sigonella. Where are they? Oh, here they are. (Applause.) I've been hearing a lot about you. In January, the eighth grade class at Sigonella came all the way from to Washington to march in my inaugural parade. Right? Look at you. They’re all so happy. Young. You're going to have a great life, right? Great life. Thank you very much. I have to say. Are you all glad you did it? Thank you, honey.
It's an image I will always remember -- your smiling faces right out in front of the White House, carrying that great, big, beautiful American flag. Right? Thank you, kids. You traveled all the way from Italy to support my inauguration, so today I'm glad to be here -- and I traveled a long way to support you, and it's my honor. Thank you very much. (Applause.) Military children also make great sacrifices for their country -- and I want you all to know that America is so proud of you.
As you know, I was here in Sicily to attend very important summit meetings -- the meeting of the G-7. It was a tremendously productive meeting, where I strengthened America bonds -- we have great bonds with other countries -- and with some of our closest allies. We concluded a truly historic week for our country.
Our travels took us to some of the holiest sites in the three Abrahamic religions, and to gatherings of both America's oldest and newest friends. We traveled the world to strengthen longstanding alliances, and to form a new partnership among nations devoted to the task of eradicating the terrorism that plagues our planet. (Applause.) And we've got the people who can do it, believe me. And I am now more hopeful than ever in the possibility that nations of many faiths and from many religions, and from many regions -- all over, all over -- can join together in a common cause.
The barbaric attack in Manchester -- and the massacre of innocent young lives -- underscores the depth of the evil we face, and the urgent need for us to join forces to absolutely and totally defeat it. (Applause.) I met with Prime Minister May and expressed the absolute solidarity of the American people.
And just yesterday, Coptic Christians in Egypt were viciously gunned down in another vile terrorist attack, one that took the lives of beautiful Egyptian children and others. These murderous attacks grieve our souls -- but they also seal -- and I mean seal like in seal -- our resolve. Together, civilized nations will crush the terrorists, block their funding, strip them of their territory, and drive them out of this Earth.
My first visit during my travels took me to Saudi Arabia, where I had the honor of participating in a historic summit with the leaders of more than 50 Muslim and Arab nations -- hosted by King Salman, a wise leader who expressed his strong desire to work with the United States not only to confront terrorism but also the extremist ideology behind terrorism.
The nations of the Middle East have endured one terrorist attack after another -- and I called on them to take on the burden of fighting this evil that has killed so many innocent Muslims. During this unprecedented gathering, we opened a new center to combat extremist ideology, launched a task force to block funding for terrorists, and agreed to massive economic development deals, the likes of which there has never been, that will create hundreds of thousands of jobs in the United States, building the equipment that has just been ordered by Saudi Arabia.
We also further isolated the Iranian regime over its hostile and destabilizing actions, and reaffirmed that Iran must never be allowed to obtain, under any circumstances, a nuclear weapon. (Applause.)
I was deeply encouraged to hear from the leaders of many Muslim and Arab nations that they are ready to take on a greater role in combating terrorism, and providing young Muslims in their region with a future of safety and a future of opportunity.
Next, I went to Jerusalem, where I reaffirmed our unbreakable bond with the State of Israel. There, we continued our discussion about fighting terrorism, and crushing the organizations and ideologies that drive it. I went to the Western Wall, a monument to the perseverance of the Jewish people. I also prayed at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher, and walked those sacred halls. I was awed by the majesty and beauty of that Holy Land, and the faith and reverence of the devoted people who live there. All children, from all faiths, deserve a future of hope and peace -- a future that does honor to God. (Applause.)
I visited Bethlehem, a city so precious to so many, and met with the Palestinian leader, President Abbas. He assured me he is willing to reach for peace with Israel in good faith -- and I believe he will -- and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who assured me that he, too, was ready to reach for peace. He’s a friend of mine, and he means it.
From Israel, we came to Italy. In Rome, I was inspired by the beauty of Saint Peter's Basilica, and even more inspired by meeting with Pope Francis -- that great talk. It was truly a honor to meet the Pope, and to pray for peace on those hallowed grounds.
Then, I traveled to two summits with our key allies -- first at a NATO summit in Brussels, where we agreed to improve the burden-sharing among members of our Alliance, and to further confront the shared threat of terrorism. Other member nations must pay more. (Applause.) The U.S. is currently paying much more than any other nation, and that is not fair to the United States or the United States taxpayer. So we're working on it, and I will tell you, a big difference over the last year. Money is actually starting to pour into NATO from countries that would not have been doing what they’re doing now had I not been elected, I can tell you that. Money is starting to pour in. (Applause.) It's only fair to the United States. We want to be treated fairly. And we're behind NATO all the way, but we want to be treated fairly. All of us will be more safe and secure if everyone fulfills their obligations the way they’re supposed to.
Right? Look at this man. He’s over there -- he’s agreeing with me a hundred percent. Most people agree with it.
Next, I attended the G-7 right here in Sicily, and made great progress toward , very vital goals. I laid out my vision for economic growth and fair trade in support of good-paying jobs, and even great-paying middle-class jobs, and more. And I called for much greater security and cooperation on matters of both terrorism, immigration, migration, to protect our citizens.
From Saudi Arabia, to Israel, to NATO, to the G-7, we made extraordinary gains on this historic trip to advance the security and prosperity of the United States, our friends and our allies. And we paved the way for a new era of cooperation among the nations of the world to defeat the common enemy of terrorism and provide our children with a much more hopeful future. You're going to have a great, great future. You're going to have a safe future because of your parents and other people in this room. (Applause.)
That is why I knew I had to conclude my trip right here in Sigonella, with the dedicated service members who make the future so bright. So proud, because I'm am so proud of the future you're going to have. Are you all proud of the future you're going to have? You better believe it -- right? Dad, mom, we're all proud of it. We're all proud of it. We're proud of our country.
The men and women of the U.S. military have been the greatest force for peace and justice in the history of the world. I want you to know that you have a Commander-in-Chief who will never, ever forget. Never, ever. You will always be remembered number one. Just remember that. Always. (Applause.) I will give you my complete and unshakable support.
We have already made a historic investment in defense spending -- you’ve been reading about it -- because we believe -- and you know this. What’s the expression? Peace through strength. Peace through strength -- right? You’ll understand that when you get a little bit older. Peace through strength. And that's what we're going to have. We're going to have a lot of strength, but we're going to have a lot of peace. We will buy the planes, the ships, vehicles and equipment you need to get the job done -- and to come home safe and sound back to your families. (Applause.)
I also know that the single greatest strength of our Armed Forces is you -- you, all of you -- the dedicated, really tough and really disciplined servicemen and women who bravely fight in our name. You not only know the pain of sacrifice, but you also know the tremendous rewards of military service -- of being part of something much larger than even yourselves. You know what it means to be part of a military team in which men and women are bound together in a sacred covenant of trust -- to serve together, to sacrifice together, and to fight together. And by the way, and to win together -- because you're going to win. You're going to do a lot of winning. (Applause.) You're going to do a lot of winning. And my pledge to you is that we will always protect those who protect us. You are protecting us, and we will always remember that and we will always, always protect you.
Americans fought and died to liberate Europe from the evils of Nazism -- you know that -- and Fascism. American military power helped to free the world from the oppression of communism. And today, Americans like you are battling the sinister forces of terrorism throughout the Middle East, North Africa, and the world. American military history is rich with noble traditions, harrowing missions, and selfless heroes -- like your parents. But, at its core, the moral of the story is always the same: It is the story of good overcoming evil.
You have poured out your hearts, your souls, and even your blood for this nation -- and we will pour out our gratitude to you in return. We will show our gratitude especially this Monday, on Memorial Day, when we pause to thank God for the heroes who have laid down their lives for our freedom. (Applause.) Right?
Among those heroes was a young Navy sailor from Omaha. His name was John Joseph Parle. Parle enlisted in the Navy after the attack on Pearl Harbor, completed midshipman training at Notre Dame, and soon ended up not far from here, in the waters of the Mediterranean. On the night of July 9, 1943, Parle was among the tens of thousands of Allied forces preparing for a surprise landing the next morning on the shores of Sicily -- right here, about 70 miles away, to exact. It was to be a major allied offensive on European soil, and it was important.
On his ship, cloaked in darkness just six miles offshore, Parle noticed that a smoke screen device had caught fire in a small boat staged to support the landings. The boat was filled with explosives. He knew that if he didn't stop the fire, an explosion would light up the night sky, alert the enemy -- all of us fellow comrades would be killed, and the invasion would be a failure. So Parle rushed to the source of smoke, hardly able to breathe, breathing the smoke in, and without a thought for his own safety, picked up the burning device with his bare hands, ran to the side of the boat, and hurled it into the sea -- as far as he could throw.
In that decisive moment, Parle didn't hesitate. He acted. And in that act, he helped ensure the success not only in the savings of his friends and those lives, but of the Allied landing itself, which turned out to be a very, very important victory. So the Allied forces went on to win the Sicily campaign. Critical in their ultimate victory was Parle. But before that final victory, the young, brave, beautiful sailor who helped make it possible died from the smoke that had damaged his lungs so badly.
Ensign Parle had just turned 23. Yesterday would have been his 97th birthday. For his brave actions, Ensign Parle was awarded the Medal of Honor. This Memorial Day, we remember him, and all the brave men and women like him, who give their last breath in defense of our country. We honor their memory and their sacrifice. And we also hope to honor them with our deeds -- to prove worthy of their sacrifice.
Because there is no peace without those willing to bear the scars and wounds of war. There is no strength without those brave enough to protect the weak and people that need protection. And there is no prosperity at home without those willing to shoulder our burdens overseas. That glorious American flag represents the blood of patriots spilled in defense of freedom. It represents the courage that burns in American hearts. It represents the unity that binds us all together as one. And it represents the freedoms bestowed on us by Almighty God.
You are the warriors of freedom. You are the protectors of that great American flag. You are the patriots who keep the fires of liberty burning. And you are the ones who protect the God-given freedoms that are the birthright of every single American child.
I am proud to be with you today as your Commander-in-Chief. I am honored to have had this time to spend with you. I am excited for the great adventures and achievements that all of us will accomplish together. May God bless you. May God bless our service members. May God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you very much.
END
5:26 P.M. CESTYour browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript:
My fellow Americans,
Each month families across the country work very, very hard to balance their budgets and to make the tough choices necessary to take care of their loved ones and to give their children opportunities they never had before. This is who we are as Americans – we take pride in leaving each new generation a better country than the one we inherited.
Yet for decades, Washington has refused to make the tough choices. As a result, the American Dream has slipped from the grasp of more and more of our people.
This has to change. We need a government that spends on the right things – the safety, security, and well-being of our people – and stops the waste and abuse of taxpayer funds, whether in America or in global projects overseas – of which, perhaps, there are too many.
My administration is laying a new foundation to build a future of economic prosperity and achieve American Greatness. The budget we are proposing will reverse economic stagnation and open the path to millions of new jobs for American workers.
We will balance the budget without making cuts in Social Security and Medicare. We will achieve our goals by doing exactly what you do in your home: setting priorities, cutting the fat, and growing new opportunities. And the big thing for me is economic growth, which is not possible without safety and security. We will grow our economy; it is growing already. It will grow faster than you’ve seen it in decades. That is why our budget reverses years of cuts to our military that have made us less safe in a more dangerous world. We are going to make sure the men and women on the front lines of freedom have the tools they need to keep us safe and totally secure.
At home, we are going to give our ICE officers – who have done an incredible job – and our Border Patrol agents – who are amazing people – everything they need to end the lawlessness once and for all.
It is our moral duty to keep our citizens safe and free, and to protect the right of every American to pursue their dreams. We don’t want MS-13 roving our streets, we’re getting rid of them by the thousands, they’re going to be out of here.
But I’m proud to tell you that the first budget we are releasing provides a firm new foundation for the safety, and also for jobs and prosperity for all Americans in the years to come.
Thank you very much. You’re going to love the end result.NATO Headquarters
Brussels, Belgium
4:39 P.M. CEST
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much, Secretary General Stoltenberg. Chancellor Merkel, thank you very much. Other heads of state and government, I am honored to be here with members of an alliance that has promoted safety and peace across the world.
Prime Minister May, all of the nations here today grieve with you and stand with you. I would like to ask that we now observe a moment of silence for the victims and families of the savage attack which took place in Manchester. (A moment of silence is observed.) Thank you. Terrible thing.
This ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve. We remember and mourn those nearly 3,000 innocent people who were brutally murdered by terrorists on September 11th, 2001. Our NATO allies responded swiftly and decisively, invoking for the first time in its history the Article 5 collective defense commitments.
The recent attack on Manchester in the United Kingdom demonstrates the depths of the evil we face with terrorism. Innocent little girls and so many others were horribly murdered and badly injured while attending a concert -- beautiful lives with so much great potential torn from their families forever and ever. It was a barbaric and vicious attack upon our civilization.
All people who cherish life must unite in finding, exposing, and removing these killers and extremists -- and, yes, losers. They are losers. Wherever they exist in our societies, we must drive them out and never, ever let them back in.
This call for driving out terrorism is a message I took to a historic gathering of Arab and Muslim leaders across the region, hosted by Saudi Arabia. There, I spent much time with King Salman, a wise man who wants to see things get much better rapidly. The leaders of the Middle East have agreed at this unprecedented meeting to stop funding the radical ideology that leads to this horrible terrorism all over the globe.
My travels and meetings have given me renewed hope that nations of many faiths can unite to defeat terrorism, a common threat to all of humanity. Terrorism must be stopped in its tracks, or the horror you saw in Manchester and so many other places will continue forever. You have thousands and thousands of people pouring into our various countries and spreading throughout, and in many cases, we have no idea who they are. We must be tough. We must be strong. And we must be vigilant.
The NATO of the future must include a great focus on terrorism and immigration, as well as threats from Russia and on NATO’s eastern and southern borders. These grave security concerns are the same reason that I have been very, very direct with Secretary Stoltenberg and members of the Alliance in saying that NATO members must finally contribute their fair share and meet their financial obligations, for 23 of the 28 member nations are still not paying what they should be paying and what they’re supposed to be paying for their defense.
This is not fair to the people and taxpayers of the United States. And many of these nations owe massive amounts of money from past years and not paying in those past years. Over the last eight years, the United States spent more on defense than all other NATO countries combined. If all NATO members had spent just 2 percent of their GDP on defense last year, we would have had another $119 billion for our collective defense and for the financing of additional NATO reserves.
We should recognize that with these chronic underpayments and growing threats, even 2 percent of GDP is insufficient to close the gaps in modernizing, readiness, and the size of forces. We have to make up for the many years lost. Two percent is the bare minimum for confronting today’s very real and very vicious threats. If NATO countries made their full and complete contributions, then NATO would be even stronger than it is today, especially from the threat of terrorism.
I want to extend my appreciation to the 9/11 Memorial and Museum in New York for contributing this remnant of the North Tower, as well as to Chancellor Merkel and the German people for donating this portion of the Berlin Wall. It is truly fitting that these two artifacts now reside here so close together at the new NATO Headquarters. And I never asked once what the new NATO Headquarters cost. I refuse to do that. But it is beautiful.
Each one marks a pivotal event in the history of this Alliance and in the eternal battle between good and evil. On one side, a testament to the triumph of our ideals over a totalitarian Communist ideology bent on the oppression of millions and millions of people; on the other, a painful reminder of the barbaric evil that still exists in the world and that we must confront and defeat together as a group, as a world.
This twisted mass of metal reminds us not only of what we have lost, but also what forever endures -- the courage of our people, the strength of our resolve, and the commitments that bind us together as one.
We will never forget the lives that were lost. We will never forsake the friends who stood by our side. And we will never waiver in our determination to defeat terrorism and to achieve lasting security, prosperity and peace.
Thank you very much. It’s a great honor to be here. Thank you.
END
4:48 P.M. CESTJerusalem
2:28 P.M. IDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. It's very nice. And thank you to Prime Minister Netanyahu. And I also want to thank Sara for hosting us last night in really a very unforgettable dinner. We had a great time. We talked about a lot of very, very important things. And thank you to Ambassador David Friedman and Mrs. Friedman for joining us, along with a number of very good friends who have come from our country to yours, as we reaffirm the unshakable bond between the United States of America and Israel. Thank you. (Applause.)
I'd like to begin my remarks today by sending the thoughts and prayers of the entire American people to the victims of the terrorist attack in Manchester. You know -- you've all been watching. You've seen just a horrible thing going on. I want to send our condolences to the many families who lost their loved ones. Horrific, horrific injuries. Terrible. Dozens of innocent people, beautiful young children savagely murdered in this heinous attack upon humanity. I repeat again that we must drive out the terrorists and the extremists from our midst, obliterate this evil ideology, and protect and defend our citizens and people of the world. (Applause.)
All civilized nations much be united in this effort. This trip is focused on that goal: bringing nations together around the goal of defeating the terrorism that threatens the world, and crushing the hateful ideology that drives it so hard and seems to be driving it so fast.
It is a privilege to stand here in this national museum, in the ancient city of Jerusalem, to address the Israeli people and all people in the Middle East who yearn for security, prosperity and peace.
Jerusalem is a sacred city. Its beauty, splendor, and heritage are like no other place on Earth. (Applause.) What a heritage. What a heritage. The ties of the Jewish people to this Holy Land are ancient and eternal. (Applause.) They date back thousands of years, including the reign of King David whose star now flies proudly on Israel’s white and blue flag.
Yesterday, I visited the Western Wall, and marveled at the monument to God’s presence and man’s perseverance. I was humbled to place my hand upon the wall and to pray in that holy space for wisdom from God. I also visited and prayed at the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, a site revered by Christians throughout the world. I laid a wreath at Yad Vashem, honoring, remembering, and mourning the six million Jews who were murdered in the Holocaust. I pledged right then and there what I pledge again today: the words "never again." (Applause.)
Israel is a testament to the unbreakable spirit of the Jewish people. From all parts of this great country, one message resounds, and that is the message of hope. Down through the ages, the Jewish people have suffered persecution, oppression, and even those who have sought their destruction. But, through it all, they have endured and, in fact, they have thrived. I stand in awe of the accomplishments of the Jewish people, and I make this promise to you: My administration will always stand with Israel. (Applause.) Thank you very much.
Through your hardships, you have created one of the most abundant lands anywhere in the world -- a land that is rich not only in history, culture, and opportunity, but especially in spirit. This museum where we are gathered today tells the story of that spirit. From the two Holy Temples, to the glorious heights of Masada, we see an incredible story of faith and perseverance. That faith is what inspired Jews to believe in their destiny, to overcome their despair, and to build here -- right here -- a future that others dared not even to dream.
In Israel, not only are Jews free to till the soil, teach their children, and pray to God in the ancient land of their fathers -- and they love this land, and they love God -- but Muslims, Christians, and people of all faiths are free to live and worship according to their conscience, and to follow their dreams, right here.
Today, gathered with friends, I call upon all people -- Jews, Christians, Muslims, and every faith, every tribe, every creed -- to draw inspiration from this ancient city, to set aside our sectarian differences, to overcome oppression and hatred, and to give all children the freedom and hope and dignity written into our souls.
Earlier this week, I spoke at a very historic summit in Saudi Arabia. I was hosted by King Salman -- a very wise man. There, I urged our friends in the Muslim world to join us in creating stability, safety and security. And I was deeply encouraged by the desire of many leaders to join us in cooperation toward these shared and vital goals.
Conflict cannot continue forever. The only question is when nations will decide that they have had enough -- enough bloodshed, enough killing. That historic summit represents a new opportunity for people throughout the Middle East to overcome sectarian and religious divisions, to extinguish the fires of extremism, and to find common ground and shared responsibility in making the future of this region so much better than it is right now.
Change must come from within. It can only come from within. No mother or father wants their children to grow up in a world where terrorists roam free, schoolchildren are murdered, and their loved ones are taken. No child is born with prejudice in their heart. No one should teach young boys and girls to hate and to kill. No civilized nation can tolerate the massacre of innocents with chemical weapons.
My message to that summit was the same message I have for you: We must build a coalition of partners who share the aim of stamping out extremists and violence, and providing our children a peaceful and hopeful future. But a hopeful future for children in the Middle East requires the world to fully recognize the vital role of the State of Israel. (Applause.) And, on behalf of the United States, we pledge to stand by you and defend our shared values so that together we can defeat terrorism and create safety for all of God’s children. (Applause.)
Israelis have experienced firsthand the hatred and terror of radical violence. Israelis are murdered by terrorists wielding knives and bombs. Hamas and Hezbollah launch rockets into Israeli communities where schoolchildren have to be trained to hear the sirens and run to the bomb shelters -- with fear, but with speed. ISIS targets Jewish neighborhoods, synagogues, and storefronts. And Iran’s leaders routinely call for Israel’s destruction. Not with Donald J. Trump, believe me. (Applause.) Thank you. I like you too. (Laughter.)
Despite these challenges, Israel is thriving as a sovereign nation, and no international body should question the contributions Israel makes to the region and, indeed, the world. Today, let us pray for that peace and for a more hopeful future across the Middle East.
There are those who present a false choice. They say that we must choose between supporting Israel and supporting Arab and Muslim nations in the region. That is completely wrong. All decent people want to live in peace, and all humanity is threatened by the evils of terrorism. Diverse nations can unite around the goal of protecting innocent life, upholding human dignity, and promoting peace and stability in the region.
My administration is committed to pursuing such a coalition, and we have already made substantial progress during this trip. We know, for instance, that both Israelis and Palestinians seek lives of hope for their children. And we know that peace is possible if we put aside the pain and disagreements of the past and commit together to finally resolving this crisis, which has dragged on for nearly half a century or more.
As I have repeatedly said, I am personally committed to helping Israelis and Palestinians achieve a peace agreement, and I had a meeting this morning with President Abbas and can tell you that the Palestinians are ready to reach for peace. I know you’ve heard it before. I am telling you -- that’s what I do. They are ready to reach for peace.
In my meeting with my very good friend, Benjamin, I can tell you also that he is reaching for peace. He wants peace. He loves people. He especially loves the Israeli people. Benjamin Netanyahu wants peace.
Making peace, however, will not be easy. We all know that. Both sides will face tough decisions. But with determination, compromise, and the belief that peace is possible, Israelis and Palestinians can make a deal.
But even as we work toward peace, we will build strength to defend our nations. The United States is firmly committed to keep Iran from developing a nuclear weapon and halting their support of terrorists and militias. (Applause.) So we are telling you right now that Iran will not have nuclear weapons. (Applause.)
America’s security partnership with Israel is stronger than ever. Under my administration, you see the difference -- big, big beautiful difference -- (laughter and applause) -- including the Iron Dome missile defense program, which has been keeping the Israeli people safe from short-range rockets launched by Hezbollah and Hamas, and David’s Sling, which guards against long range missiles. It is my hope that someday, very soon, Israeli children will never need to rush towards shelters again as sirens ring out loud and clear.
Finally, the United States is proud that Israeli Air Force pilots are flying the incredible, new American F-35 planes. (Applause.) There is nothing in the world like them to defend their nation, and it was wonderful to see these mighty aircraft in the skies over Israel recently as you celebrated the 69th anniversary of Israel’s independence.
But even as we strengthen our partnership in practice, let us always remember our highest ideals. Let us never forget that the bond between our two nations is woven together in the hearts of our people, and their love of freedom, hope, and dignity for every man and every woman. Let us dream of a future where Jewish, Muslim, and Christian children can grow up together and live together in trust, harmony, tolerance, and respect.
The values that are practiced in Israel have inspired millions and millions of people all across the world. The conviction of Theodor Herzl rings true today: “Whatever we attempt there for our own benefit will rebound mightily and beneficially to the good of all mankind.”
As we stand in Jerusalem, we see pilgrims of all faiths coming to this land to walk on this hallowed ground. Jews place the prayers from their hearts in the stone blocks of the beautiful Western Wall. Christians pray in the pews of an ancient church. Muslims answer the call to prayer at their holy sites. This city, like no other place in the world, reveals the longing of human hearts to know and to worship God.
Jerusalem stands as a reminder that life can flourish against any odds. When we look around this city -- so beautiful -- and we see people of all faiths engaged in reverent worship, and schoolchildren learning side-by-side, and men and women lifting up the needy and forgotten, we see that God’s promise of healing has brought goodness to so many lives. We see that the people of this land had the courage to overcome the oppression and injustice of the past and to live in the freedom God intends for every person on this Earth.
Today, in Jerusalem, we pray and we hope that children around the world will be able to live without fear, to dream without limits, and to prosper without violence. I ask this land of promise to join me to fight our common enemies, to pursue our shared values, and to protect the dignity of every child of God.
Thank you. God bless you. God bless the State of Israel. And God bless the United States. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
END
2:48 P.M. IDTJerusalem
1:27 P.M. IDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you, Prime Minister Netanyahu, Sara Netanyahu, Chairman Avner Shalev, and Rabbi Israel Meir Lau for hosting us for this moving wreath-laying ceremony.
We are here at Yad Vashem to honor the memory of six million Jews murdered in the Holocaust. Two-thirds of the Jews in Europe were sent to their deaths. Words can never describe the bottomless depths of that evil, or the scope of the anguish and destruction.
It was history’s darkest hour. Millions of innocent, wonderful and beautiful lives -- men, women and children -- were extinguished as part of a systematic attempt to eliminate the Jewish people. It was the most savage crime against God and his children. And it is our solemn duty to remember, to mourn, to grieve and to honor every single life that was so cruelly and viciously taken.
As Elie Wiesel said: “For the dead and the living, we must bear witness.” These words should be carved into the conscience of humanity forever. Only when we remember the families who were torn apart from everyone they loved, who suffered that terrible darkness and evil, who endured the unbearable horror of the Holocaust -- only then can we prevent this agony from ever repeating.
This place, and this entire nation, are a testament to the unbreakable spirit of the Jewish people -- and the hope that light can shine the path beyond the darkness. Through persecution, oppression, death, and destruction, the Jewish people have persevered. They have thrived. They’ve become so successful in so many places. And they have enlightened the world. The State of Israel is a strong and soaring monument to the solemn pledge we repeat and affirm: Never again.
From the depths of the suffering, the Jewish people have built a mighty nation -- and the Star of David waves proudly above this cherished land.
As long as we refuse to be silent in the face of evil, as long as we refuse to dim the light of truth in the midst of darkness, as long as we refuse to become bystanders to barbarity, then we know that goodness, peace and justice will ultimately prevail.
With sadness for the lives and dreams that were stolen from this Earth, with determination to always keep the memories of the victims alive, and with resolve to confront evil wherever it threatens, we ask God to give us the strength, wisdom and courage to chart the righteous path.
Thank you. God bless the memory of the perished. God bless the survivors. God bless the Jewish people. And God bless the State of Israel. Thank you for having me. Thank you.
END
1:34 P.M. IDTPresidential Palace
Bethlehem
11:05 A.M. IDT
PRESIDENT ABBAS: (As interpreted.) In the name of God, the most gracious, the most merciful -- Your Excellency, Mr. President and dear friend, Donald Trump, it's my pleasure to welcome you here in Palestine and receive you as a great guest of our people here in Bethlehem, the birthplace of Jesus -- peace be upon Him -- from which the message of love, peace, and tolerance has spread out all across the globe.
Allow me at the beginning to condemn the horrible terrorist attack that occurred in Manchester city -- the British city of Manchester -- leaving tens of casualties and innocent people. I do offer my warm condolences to the Prime Minister of Britain, families of victims, and the British people.
Your Excellency, meeting you in the White House early this month has given us and our Palestinian people, as well as also giving all the nations across the region so much hope and optimism of the possibility to make true a dream, a long-awaited dream and ambition, and that is lasting and justice-based peace.
Our Palestinian people's attainment of their freedom and independence is the key to peace and stability in the world so that the children of Palestine and Israel enjoy a safe, stable, and prosperous future.
I would like to reiterate, Your Excellency, Mr. President, our commitment to cooperate with you in order to make peace and forge a historic peace deal with the Israelis. And we would like to reassert our willingness to continue to work with you as partners in fighting terrorism in our region and in the world. In this respect, I commend the importance of the holding of the Arab Islamic American Summit and its findings and outcomes and conclusions.
Your Excellency, Mr. President, once again we reassert to you our positions of accepting the two-state solution along the borders of 1967 -- the state of Palestine with its capital as East Jerusalem, living alongside the state of Israel in peace and security and good neighborhood, as well as resolving the entire final status issues based on international law and international long-term resolutions, and respecting side agreements which sets the tone for the implementation of the Arab Peace Initiative in accordance with what has been reaffirmed in the most recent Arab Summit in Jordan.
Your Excellency, as you have witnessed during your -- as you saw yesterday during your historic visit of holy sites in occupied East Jerusalem, and today in Bethlehem, the conflict is not between religions, for respecting religions and prophets is an integral part of our religion and faith. And we are keen to keep the door open to dialogue with our Israeli neighbors from all walks of life in order to boost confidence and create a genuine peace opportunity.
Our fundamental problem is with the occupation and settlements, and failure of Israel to recognize the state of Palestine in the same way we recognize it, which undermines the realization of the two-state solution. The problem is not between us and Judaism. It’s between us and occupation.
I would like to draw the attention to the issue of our Palestinian prisoners, who have been on hunger strike for more than one month, meters away from here in the vicinity of the Church of the Nativity. And everywhere, all across Palestine, families, mothers of prisoners, suffer from being denied visits to their children. And their demands are humane and just. I demand the Israeli government to meet these humane, legitimate demands.
Achievement of peace, Your Excellency, the President, will give us broad horizons and prospects to recover our economy and continue building our national institutions based on rule of law and in the spirit of tolerance and coexistence, and a culture of peace, nonviolence, no incitement, and building bridges instead of walls inside our lands.
Once again, I greet you with the warmest regards, Your Excellency, the President, and your accompanying delegation. I welcome you in Palestine, the Holy Land, wishing you success in your important tour, which will lead you to meeting His Holiness, the Pope, Francis, and whose efforts -- whose dedicated, devoted efforts for peace we appreciate. Wishing you and the friendly American people a lifetime of health and happiness.
(In English.) Mr. President, Donald Trump, (inaudible) to achieve peace between the Palestinians and the Israelis. Mr. President, I extend my hand to you in welcome on this noble and (inaudible) mission. (Applause.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much.
As President of the United States, on behalf of the people of the United States, I would like to begin by offering my prayers to the people of Manchester in the United Kingdom. I extend my deepest condolences to those so terribly injured in this terrorist attack, and to the many killed, and the families
-- so many families -- of the victims.
We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom. So many young, beautiful, innocent people living and enjoying their lives murdered by evil losers in life. I won't call them monsters because they would like that term. They would think that's a great name. I will call them from now on losers because that's what’s they are. They’re losers. And we'll have more of them. But they’re losers -- just remember that.
This is what I've spent these last few days talking about during my trip overseas. Our society can have no tolerance for this continuation of bloodshed, we cannot stand a moment longer for the slaughter of innocent people. And in today’s attack, it was mostly innocent children.
The terrorists and extremists, and those who give them aid and comfort, must be driven out from our society forever. This wicked ideology must be obliterated -- and I mean completely obliterated -- and innocent life must be protected. All innocent lives. Life must be protected. All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace.
I want to offer my deep appreciation to the Palestinians and President Abbas for hosting me today. It’s an honor to join you in Bethlehem -- the city that is precious to people from all over the world. It's a precious city.
As I discussed with President Abbas in Washington earlier this month, I am committed to trying to achieve a peace agreement between the Israelis and the Palestinians and I intend to do everything I can to help them achieve that goal. President Abbas assures me he is ready to work toward that goal in good faith. And Prime Minister Netanyahu has promised the same. I look forward to working with these leaders toward a lasting peace.
I also look forward to working with President Abbas on other important matters, such as unlocking the potential of the Palestinian economy -- which is having a very rough time -- and building on our very positive counterterrorism efforts.
Several days ago in Saudi Arabia, I met with the leaders of the Muslim world and Arab nations from all across the region. It was an epic gathering. It was a historic event. King Salman of Saudi Arabia could not have been kinder, and I will tell you, he’s a very wise, wise man. I called on these leaders and asked them to join in a partnership to drive terrorism from their midst once and for all.
It was a deeply productive meeting. People have said there has really never been anything even close in history. I believe that. Being there and seeing who was there and hearing the spirit and a lot of love -- there has never been anything like that in history. And it was an honor to be involved. But great things can come from that meeting.
I was gratified that President Abbas joined the summit and committed to taking firm but necessary steps to fight terrorism and confront its hateful ideology. And it's so interesting that our meeting took place on this very horrible morning of death to innocent young people.
Peace can never take root in an environment where violence is tolerated, funded and even rewarded. We must be resolute in condemning such acts in a single, unified voice. Peace is a choice we must make each day -- and the United States is here to help make that dream possible for young Jewish, Christian and Muslim children all across the region. In so doing, we will all enjoy a safer and brighter future, and a safer and brighter world.
In this spirit of hope, we come to Bethlehem, asking God for a more peaceful, safe, and far more tolerant world for all of us. I am truly hopeful that America can help Israel and the Palestinians forge peace, and bring new hope to the region and its people. I also firmly believe that if Israel and the Palestinians can make peace, it will begin a process of peace all throughout the Middle East. And that would be an amazing accomplishment.
Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
11:19 A.M. IDTPrime Minister's Residence
Jerusalem
8:17 P.M. SAST
PRIME MINISTER NETANYAHU: President Trump, Donald, Sara and I are absolutely delighted to welcome you and Melania to the Prime Minister's residence in Jerusalem, the eternal capital of the Jewish people, the united capital of the Jewish state.
We've known each other for many years, and it's always good to see you. But it's also wonderful to see the blossoming friendship between our two beautiful wives, Sara and Melania. You're so welcome here, and we're so pleased to see you. We're honored to have you in our home.
You've been today, Mr. President, to the Western Wall, one of the holiest sites of Judaism. You have been to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, one of the holiest sites of Christianity. We protect the Christian sites as no one else does anywhere in this region. We protect Christian sites, Muslim sites, obviously Jewish sites. We're committed to the freedom of all faiths and to the rights of all.
Mr. President, I appreciate the fact that you went to the Western Wall and you're the first acting President who's done that. The people of Israel applaud you for it. (Applause.)
We had a terrific discussion today. And when I say terrific, it encompasses everything. We can talk about deregulation, we can talk about economics. I think we quote each other. We understand each other and so much of the things that we wish to accomplish for both our countries.
But I want to thank you especially today for your deep commitment to Israel's security, its wellbeing, and its future. I have no doubt that, as we work together, you and I, the alliance between our countries will grow ever stronger. I want you to know how much we appreciate the change in American policy on Iran, which you enunciated so clearly just an hour ago.
I want you to know how much we appreciate your bold decision to act against the use of chemical weapons in Syria. And I want to tell you also how much we appreciate the reassertion of American leadership in the Middle East.
I look forward to working closely with you to confront the dangers we face together in this violent and volatile Middle East. I believe that together we can roll back Iran's march of aggression and terror in this region, and we can thwart Iran's unbridled ambition to become a nuclear weapon state.
I also look forward to working closely with you to advance peace in our region, because you have noted so succinctly that common dangers are turning former enemies into partners. And that's where we see something new and potentially something very promising. It won't be simple. But for the first time in many years -- and, Mr. President, for the first time in my lifetime -- I see a real hope for change.
The Arab leaders who you met yesterday could help change the atmosphere, and they could help create the conditions for a realistic peace. These are all great signs on your historic visit. It's a visit that I think has echoed down the ages, because the great Abraham Lincoln is reported to have said that there was no city on Earth he so much desired to see as Jerusalem.
Well, Mr. President, Donald, there's no city on Earth where you are more welcome than right here with us in Jerusalem. Welcome to Jerusalem. Welcome to Israel. (Applause.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. And it's a great honor to be with my good friend, Prime Minister Netanyahu, and, of course, Sara. Thank you. And also thank you for that beautiful tour. Melania is still talking about it. Thank you very much.
You honored me and Melania by being one of the first world leaders to visit the White House, as you know. And we had a very good and sound discussion. And now you honor us again by welcoming us to your home on my first trip abroad as the President of the United States.
This is a land filled with beauty, wonder, and the spirit of God. I've been amazed by the glorious and beautiful monuments and holy sites, and the generosity of your incredible people. Because it's all about the people. I was deeply moved by my visit today to the Western Wall. Words fail to capture the experience. It will leave an impression on me forever.
Today, we reaffirmed the unbreakable bond of friendship between Israel and the United States -- a friendship built on our shared love of freedom, our shared belief in human dignity, and our shared hope for an Israel at lasting peace. We want Israel to have peace.
But we are more than friends. We are great allies. We have so many opportunities in front of us. But we must seize them together. We must take advantage of the situation, and there are many, many things that can happen now that would never have been able to happen before. And we understand that very well. That includes advancing prosperity, defeating the evils of terrorism, and facing the threat of an Iranian regime that is threatening the region and causing so much violence and suffering.
During my travels, I have seen many hopeful signs that lead me to believe that we can truly achieve a more peaceful future for this region and for people of all faiths and all beliefs and, frankly, all over the world.
In my visit to Saudi Arabia, I met with many leaders of the Arab and Muslim world, including King Salman, who treated us so beautifully and really wants to see great things happen for the world. He really does. I got to know him well, and he really does.
These leaders voiced concerns we all share -- about ISIS, about Iran’s rising ambitions and rolling back its gains, and about the menace of extremism that has spread through too many parts of the Muslim world. I’m encouraged that they pledge cooperation to confront terrorism and the hateful ideology that drives it so hard. America welcomes the action and support of any nation willing to do the hard but vital work in eradicating the violent ideologies that have caused so much needless bloodshed and killing here and all over the world.
We are willing to work together. I believe that a new level of partnership is possible and will happen -- one that will bring greater safety to this region, greater security to the United States, and greater prosperity to the world. This includes a renewed effort at peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians, and I thank the Prime Minister for his commitment to pursuing the peace process. He’s working very hard at it. It’s not easy. I’ve heard it’s one of the toughest deals of all, but I have a feeling that we’re going to get there eventually, I hope.
I’m certain we will have very productive discussions. And we’re going to have very productive discussions, in my opinion, with the leaders of other nations also. And I feel strongly about that, because there’s a lot of love out there. And people from all nations, even nations that you would be surprised to hear, they want to stop the killing. They’ve had enough.
America stands ready to assist in every way we can. Our deep and lasting friendship will only grow deeper and stronger as we work together in the days ahead. I thank you again for hosting us in this beautiful and ancient land. Truly, it’s a land of wonders. And it’s my honor to be here with you.
Sara, thank you. Bibi, thank you. I appreciate it very much. Great honor. Thank you.
PRIME MINISTER NETANYAHU: Thank you. (Applause.)
END
8:28 P.M. SASTRemarks as prepared for delivery
Thank You.
I want to thank King Salman for his extraordinary words, and the magnificent Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for hosting today’s summit. I am honored to be received by such gracious hosts. I have always heard about the splendor of your country and the kindness of your citizens, but words do not do justice to the grandeur of this remarkable place and the incredible hospitality you have shown us from the moment we arrived.
You also hosted me in the treasured home of King Abdulaziz, the founder of the Kingdom who united your great people. Working alongside another beloved leader – American President Franklin Roosevelt – King Abdulaziz began the enduring partnership between our two countries. King Salman: your father would be so proud to see that you are continuing his legacy – and just as he opened the first chapter in our partnership, today we begin a new chapter that will bring lasting benefits to our citizens.
Let me now also extend my deep and heartfelt gratitude to each and every one of the distinguished heads of state who made this journey here today. You greatly honor us with your presence, and I send the warmest regards from my country to yours. I know that our time together will bring many blessings to both your people and mine.
I stand before you as a representative of the American People, to deliver a message of friendship and hope. That is why I chose to make my first foreign visit a trip to the heart of the Muslim world, to the nation that serves as custodian of the two holiest sites in the Islamic Faith.
In my inaugural address to the American People, I pledged to strengthen America’s oldest friendships, and to build new partnerships in pursuit of peace. I also promised that America will not seek to impose our way of life on others, but to outstretch our hands in the spirit of cooperation and trust.
Our vision is one of peace, security, and prosperity—in this region, and in the world.
Our goal is a coalition of nations who share the aim of stamping out extremism and providing our children a hopeful future that does honor to God.
And so this historic and unprecedented gathering of leaders—unique in the history of nations—is a symbol to the world of our shared resolve and our mutual respect. To the leaders and citizens of every country assembled here today, I want you to know that the United States is eager to form closer bonds of friendship, security, culture and commerce.
For Americans, this is an exciting time. A new spirit of optimism is sweeping our country: in just a few months, we have created almost a million new jobs, added over 3 trillion dollars of new value, lifted the burdens on American industry, and made record investments in our military that will protect the safety of our people and enhance the security of our wonderful friends and allies – many of whom are here today.
Now, there is even more blessed news I am pleased to share with you. My meetings with King Salman, the Crown Prince, and the Deputy Crown Prince, have been filled with great warmth, good will, and tremendous cooperation.
Yesterday, we signed historic agreements with the Kingdom that will invest almost $400 billion in our two countries and create many thousands of jobs in America and Saudi Arabia.
This landmark agreement includes the announcement of a $110 billion Saudi-funded defense purchase – and we will be sure to help our Saudi friends to get a good deal from our great American defense companies. This agreement will help the Saudi military to take a greater role in security operations.
We have also started discussions with many of the countries present today on strengthening partnerships, and forming new ones, to advance security and stability across the Middle East and beyond.
Later today, we will make history again with the opening of a new Global Center for Combating Extremist Ideology – located right here, in this central part of the Islamic World. This groundbreaking new center represents a clear declaration that Muslim-majority countries must take the lead in combatting radicalization, and I want to express our gratitude to King Salman for this strong demonstration of leadership.
I have had the pleasure of welcoming several of the leaders present today to the White House, and I look forward to working with all of you.
America is a sovereign nation and our first priority is always the safety and security of our citizens. We are not here to lecture—we are not here to tell other people how to live, what to do, who to be, or how to worship. Instead, we are here to offer partnership – based on shared interests and values – to pursue a better future for us all.
Here at this summit we will discuss many interests we share together. But above all we must be united in pursuing the one goal that transcends every other consideration. That goal is to meet history’s great test—to conquer extremism and vanquish the forces of terrorism.
Young Muslim boys and girls should be able to grow up free from fear, safe from violence, and innocent of hatred.
And young Muslim men and women should have the chance to build a new era of prosperity for themselves and their peoples.
God’s help, this summit will mark the beginning of the end for those who practice terror and spread its vile creed. At the same time, we pray this special gathering may someday be remembered as the beginning of peace in the Middle East – and maybe, even all over the world.
But this future can only be achieved through defeating terrorism and the ideology that drives it.
Few nations have been spared its violent reach.
America has suffered repeated barbaric attacks – from the atrocities of September 11th to the devastation of the Boston Bombing, to the horrible killings in San Bernardino and Orlando.
The nations of Europe have also endured unspeakable horror. So too have the nations of Africa and even South America. India, Russia, China and Australia have been victims.
But, in sheer numbers, the deadliest toll has been exacted on the innocent people of Arab, Muslim and Middle Eastern nations. They have borne the brunt of the killings and the worst of the destruction in this wave of fanatical violence.
Some estimates hold that more than 95 percent of the victims of terrorism are themselves Muslim.
We now face a humanitarian and security disaster in this region that is spreading across the planet. It is a tragedy of epic proportions. No description of the suffering and depravity can begin to capture its full measure.
The true toll of ISIS, Al Qaeda, Hezbollah, Hamas, and so many others, must be counted not only in the number of dead. It must also be counted in generations of vanished dreams.
The Middle East is rich with natural beauty, vibrant cultures, and massive amounts of historic treasures. It should increasingly become one of the great global centers of commerce and opportunity.
This region should not be a place from which refugees flee, but to which newcomers flock.
Saudi Arabia is home to the holiest sites in one of the world’s great faiths. Each year millions of Muslims come from around the world to Saudi Arabia to take part in the Hajj. In addition to ancient wonders, this country is also home to modern ones—including soaring achievements in architecture.
Egypt was a thriving center of learning and achievement thousands of years before other parts of the world. The wonders of Giza, Luxor and Alexandria are proud monuments to that ancient heritage.
All over the world, people dream of walking through the ruins of Petra in Jordan. Iraq was the cradle of civilization and is a land of natural beauty. And the United Arab Emirates has reached incredible heights with glass and steel, and turned earth and water into spectacular works of art.
The entire region is at the center of the key shipping lanes of the Suez Canal, the Red Sea, and the Straits of Hormuz.
The potential of this region has never been greater. 65 percent of its population is under the age of 30. Like all young men and women, they seek great futures to build, great national projects to join, and a place for their families to call home.
But this untapped potential, this tremendous cause for optimism, is held at bay by bloodshed and terror. There can be no coexistence with this violence.
There can be no tolerating it, no accepting it, no excusing it, and no ignoring it.
Every time a terrorist murders an innocent person, and falsely invokes the name of God, it should be an insult to every person of faith.
Terrorists do not worship God, they worship death.
If we do not act against this organized terror, then we know what will happen. Terrorism’s devastation of life will continue to spread. Peaceful societies will become engulfed by violence. And the futures of many generations will be sadly squandered.
If we do not stand in uniform condemnation of this killing—then not only will we be judged by our people, not only will we be judged by history, but we will be judged by God.
This is not a battle between different faiths, different sects, or different civilizations.
This is a battle between barbaric criminals who seek to obliterate human life, and decent people of all religions who seek to protect it.
This is a battle between Good and Evil.
When we see the scenes of destruction in the wake of terror, we see no signs that those murdered were Jewish or Christian, Shia or Sunni. When we look upon the streams of innocent blood soaked into the ancient ground, we cannot see the faith or sect or tribe of the victims – we see only that they were Children of God whose deaths are an insult to all that is holy.
But we can only overcome this evil if the forces of good are united and strong – and if everyone in this room does their fair share and fulfills their part of the burden.
Terrorism has spread across the world. But the path to peace begins right here, on this ancient soil, in this sacred land.
America is prepared to stand with you – in pursuit of shared interests and common security.
But the nations of the Middle East cannot wait for American power to crush this enemy for them. The nations of the Middle East will have to decide what kind of future they want for themselves, for their countries, and for their children.
It is a choice between two futures – and it is a choice America CANNOT make for you.
A better future is only possible if your nations drive out the terrorists and extremists. Drive. Them. Out. DRIVE THEM OUT of your places of worship. DRIVE THEM OUT of your communities. DRIVE THEM OUT of your holy land, and DRIVE THEM OUT OF THIS EARTH.
For our part, America is committed to adjusting our strategies to meet evolving threats and new facts. We will discard those strategies that have not worked—and will apply new approaches informed by experience and judgment. We are adopting a Principled Realism, rooted in common values and shared interests.
Our friends will never question our support, and our enemies will never doubt our determination. Our partnerships will advance security through stability, not through radical disruption. We will make decisions based on real-world outcomes – not inflexible ideology. We will be guided by the lessons of experience, not the confines of rigid thinking. And, wherever possible, we will seek gradual reforms – not sudden intervention.
We must seek partners, not perfection—and to make allies of all who share our goals.
Above all, America seeks peace – not war.
Muslim nations must be willing to take on the burden, if we are going to defeat terrorism and send its wicked ideology into oblivion.
The first task in this joint effort is for your nations to deny all territory to the foot soldiers of evil. Every country in the region has an absolute duty to ensure that terrorists find no sanctuary on their soil.
Many are already making significant contributions to regional security: Jordanian pilots are crucial partners against ISIS in Syria and Iraq. Saudi Arabia and a regional coalition have taken strong action against Houthi militants in Yemen. The Lebanese Army is hunting ISIS operatives who try to infiltrate their territory. Emirati troops are supporting our Afghan partners. In Mosul, American troops are supporting Kurds, Sunnis and Shias fighting together for their homeland. Qatar, which hosts the U.S. Central Command, is a crucial strategic partner. Our longstanding partnership with Kuwait and Bahrain continue to enhance security in the region. And courageous Afghan soldiers are making tremendous sacrifices in the fight against the Taliban, and others, in the fight for their country.
As we deny terrorist organizations control of territory and populations, we must also strip them of their access to funds. We must cut off the financial channels that let ISIS sell oil, let extremists pay their fighters, and help terrorists smuggle their reinforcements.
I am proud to announce that the nations here today will be signing an agreement to prevent the financing of terrorism, called the Terrorist Financing Targeting Center – co-chaired by the United States and Saudi Arabia, and joined by every member of the Gulf Cooperation Council. It is another historic step in a day that will be long remembered.
I also applaud the Gulf Cooperation Council for blocking funders from using their countries as a financial base for terror, and designating Hezbollah as a terrorist organization last year. Saudi Arabia also joined us this week in placing sanctions on one of the most senior leaders of Hezbollah.
Of course, there is still much work to do.
That means honestly confronting the crisis of Islamist extremism and the Islamist terror groups it inspires. And it means standing together against the murder of innocent Muslims, the oppression of women, the persecution of Jews, and the slaughter of Christians.
Religious leaders must make this absolutely clear: Barbarism will deliver you no glory – piety to evil will bring you no dignity. If you choose the path of terror, your life will be empty, your life will be brief, and YOUR SOUL WILL BE CONDEMNED.
And political leaders must speak out to affirm the same idea: heroes don’t kill innocents; they save them. Many nations here today have taken important steps to raise up that message. Saudi Arabia’s Vision for 2030 is an important and encouraging statement of tolerance, respect, empowering women, and economic development.
The United Arab Emirates has also engaged in the battle for hearts and souls—and with the U.S., launched a center to counter the online spread of hate. Bahrain too is working to undermine recruitment and radicalism.
I also applaud Jordan, Turkey and Lebanon for their role in hosting refugees. The surge of migrants and refugees leaving the Middle East depletes the human capital needed to build stable societies and economies. Instead of depriving this region of so much human potential, Middle Eastern countries can give young people hope for a brighter future in their home nations and regions.
That means promoting the aspirations and dreams of all citizens who seek a better life – including women, children, and followers of all faiths. Numerous Arab and Islamic scholars have eloquently argued that protecting equality strengthens Arab and Muslim communities.
For many centuries the Middle East has been home to Christians, Muslims and Jews living side-by-side. We must practice tolerance and respect for each other once again—and make this region a place where every man and woman, no matter their faith or ethnicity, can enjoy a life of dignity and hope.
In that spirit, after concluding my visit in Riyadh, I will travel to Jerusalem and Bethlehem, and then to the Vatican – visiting many of the holiest places in the three Abrahamic Faiths. If these three faiths can join together in cooperation, then peace in this world is possible – including peace between Israelis and Palestinians. I will be meeting with both Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas.
Starving terrorists of their territory, their funding, and the false allure of their craven ideology, will be the basis for defeating them.
But no discussion of stamping out this threat would be complete without mentioning the government that gives terrorists all three—safe harbor, financial backing, and the social standing needed for recruitment. It is a regime that is responsible for so much instability in the region. I am speaking of course of Iran.
From Lebanon to Iraq to Yemen, Iran funds, arms, and trains terrorists, militias, and other extremist groups that spread destruction and chaos across the region. For decades, Iran has fueled the fires of sectarian conflict and terror.
It is a government that speaks openly of mass murder, vowing the destruction of Israel, death to America, and ruin for many leaders and nations in this room.
Among Iran’s most tragic and destabilizing interventions have been in Syria. Bolstered by Iran, Assad has committed unspeakable crimes, and the United States has taken firm action in response to the use of banned chemical weapons by the Assad Regime – launching 59 tomahawk missiles at the Syrian air base from where that murderous attack originated.
Responsible nations must work together to end the humanitarian crisis in Syria, eradicate ISIS, and restore stability to the region.
The Iranian regime’s longest-suffering victims are its own people. Iran has a rich history and culture, but the people of Iran have endured hardship and despair under their leaders’ reckless pursuit of conflict and terror.
Until the Iranian regime is willing to be a partner for peace, all nations of conscience must work together to isolate Iran, deny it funding for terrorism, and pray for the day when the Iranian people have the just and righteous government they deserve.
The decisions we make will affect countless lives.
King Salman, I thank you for the creation of this great moment in history, and for your massive investment in America, its industry and its jobs. I also thank you for investing in the future of this part of the world.
This fertile region has all the ingredients for extraordinary success – a rich history and culture, a young and vibrant people, a thriving spirit of enterprise. But you can only unlock this future if the citizens of the Middle East are freed from extremism, terror and violence.
We in this room are the leaders of our peoples. They look to us for answers, and for action. And when we look back at their faces, behind every pair of eyes is a soul that yearns for justice.
Today, billions of faces are now looking at us, waiting for us to act on the great question of our time.
Will we be indifferent in the presence of evil? Will we protect our citizens from its violent ideology? Will we let its venom spread through our societies? Will we let it destroy the most holy sites on earth?
If we do not confront this deadly terror, we know what the future will bring—more suffering and despair.
But if we act—if we leave this magnificent room unified and determined to do what it takes to destroy the terror that threatens the world—then there is no limit to the great future our citizens will have.
The birthplace of civilization is waiting to begin a new renaissance. Just imagine what tomorrow could bring.
Glorious wonders of science, art, medicine and commerce to inspire humankind. Great cities built on the ruins of shattered towns. New jobs and industries that will lift up millions of people. Parents who no longer worry for their children, families who no longer mourn for their loved ones, and the faithful who finally worship without fear.
These are the blessings of prosperity and peace. These are the desires that burn with a righteous flame in every human heart. And these are the just demands of our beloved peoples.
I ask you to join me, to join together, to work together, and to FIGHT together— BECAUSE UNITED, WE WILL NOT FAIL.
Thank you. God Bless You. God Bless Your Countries. And God Bless the United States of America.Your browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript
My fellow Americans,
This weekend I begin my first trip overseas as president – a trip with historic significance for the American people.
I will be visiting with the leaders in many different countries to strengthen our old friendships, build new partnerships, and unite the civilized world in a fight against terrorism.
In that spirit of unity, I will travel to lands associated with three of the world's great religions.
My first stop will be Saudi Arabia – the heart of the Muslim World. There, I will address a historic gathering of the leaders of more than 50 Muslim nations. I will represent the views of the American people frankly and clearly.
Many of these leaders have expressed growing concern about terrorism, the spread of radicalization, and Iran's role in funding both. Now it appears Muslim leaders are ready to take more responsibility and a much bigger role in fighting terrorism in their region. It’s about time we do it, we’ll do it together, but it has to be done.
America cannot solve all of the world's problems, but we can – and we must – help any nation willing to join in the common cause of eradicating terrorism from the face of the earth.
Next, I'll travel to the ancient city of Jerusalem to talk with my good friend, Prime Minister Netanyahu, about bringing peace and prosperity to both our nations. Israel is an important American ally, but in recent years we haven't always treated them that way. It's time to renew our friendship.
While I'm there, I'll also meet with President Abbas of the Palestinian Authority in Bethlehem to discuss ways to advance peace between Israel and the Palestinians.
From there, I'll head to the Vatican, where I will have the great honor of an audience with Pope Francis. I look forward to speaking with the Pope about how Christian teachings can help put the world on a path to justice, freedom, and peace.
I will also meet with friends and allies in Europe at a gathering of NATO in Brussels and at the G-7 Summit in Italy. Finally, I will close my trip by saying thank you to some of the courageous men and women of the United State Military serving their nation overseas.
In my Inaugural Address, I pledged to strengthen America's oldest friendships, to seek new partners in pursuit of peace, and above all – to always put American people first.
I also pledged that our partners must show that they’re partners, they must show that they’re friends, and they must contribute financially to the tremendous cost – the money that we’re spending – is so big; it’s so much; and it’s not fair for our nation. They have to help and I’m sure they will. The fact is that I'm excited about new possibilities for peace and prosperity – and I hope you are too.
Thank you, God bless you, and God bless America.East Room
4:04 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. It is a great pleasure to welcome President Santos to the White House. Colombia is one of our closest allies in the hemisphere, and today we reaffirm partnership between our two great nations.
President Santos and I had a very productive meeting, and we will continue to work very closely together to bring peace, safety and prosperity to the hemisphere. Perhaps no area is really more important in terms of cooperation than our joint effort to end the terrible drug crimes that plague both of our countries.
Recently, we have seen an alarmed -- and I mean really a very highly alarmed and alarming trend. Last year, Colombia coca cultivation and cocaine production reached a record high, which, hopefully, will be remedied very quickly by the President. We must confront this dangerous threat to our societies together.
Today, I affirmed the United States’ willingness to assist Colombia’s strategy to target and eliminate drug trafficking networks, illicit financings, coca cultivation, and cocaine production, of which there is far too much. The drug epidemic is poisoning too many American lives, and we’re going to stop it many different ways. One of them will be the wall.
My administration is committed to keeping drugs and gangs from pouring into our country. Already border crossings are down more than 73 percent. Secretary Kelly is with us; he’s done a fantastic job. Thank you very much, Mr. Secretary. And, in short, we have a tremendous group of people working with us in terms of ICE, the ICE Patrol and the Border Patrol agents. They’ve done a fantastic job, and I’d like you to give them my highest compliments, Mr. Secretary.
And MS-13, likewise -- a horrible, horrible, large group of gangs that have been let into our country over a fairly short period of time -- are being decimated by the Border Patrol, by ICE, and by our incredible local police forces. And they are getting out of our country, or, in some cases, going directly into prisons throughout our country. But they’ve literally taken over towns and cities of the United States. They will be gone very quickly.
I look forward to working with President Santos as we target drug trafficking. Both the United States and Colombia have strong law enforcement and security relationship. We’ve had it -- and especially over the last fairly short period of time. Together, we will continue to fight the criminal networks responsible for the deadly drug trade that our people have a really strong commitment to getting rid of, because they want a much brighter future.
President Santos and I also discussed the deteriorating situation in Venezuela, and it is really in a very bad state, as you see and as we all see through the media. The stable and peaceful Venezuela is in the best interest of the entire hemisphere, and America stands with all of the people in our great hemisphere yearning to be free. We will be working with Colombia and other countries on the Venezuelan problem. It is a very, very horrible problem. And from a humanitarian standpoint, it is like nothing we’ve seen in quite a long time.
The United States and Colombia are also strong economic partners, and we will continue to pursue trade policies that benefit both of our peoples. The nations’ common goals of protecting our citizens, expanding opportunity, and confronting the drug crisis will improve the lives of our people and many throughout the region.
So many people are being so horribly affected by what’s going on in terms of violence and in terms of drugs, and we’re going to take care of the situation. And we’ve both agreed to take care of it strongly and quickly.
President Santos, it was an honor to meet with you and your entire group of representatives, very talented people indeed, who have been working with us and my representatives. And I look forward to many more productive meetings, such as the one we just had. I’d like to thank you very much for being at the White House, being our guest. And I’d like to congratulate you on winning the Nobel Peace Prize. That’s a very great achievement. Thank you very much.
PRESIDENT SANTOS: (In English.) Mr. President, I want to thank you personally for this warm and productive visit and for the strong support Colombia has received from your administration, from Congress, and from the American people.
(As interpreted.) As you know, our nations have had for a long time a strategic alliance and extraordinary friendship. We believe in the same principles of democracy, freedom and the rule of law. And we work so that the Western Hemisphere can be more prosperous and safe.
The United States and Colombia, both democracies of greater -- of longer standing in the hemisphere, we have supported each other. Our soldiers fought shoulder-to-shoulder in the Korean War. At the request of the United States, we sent anti-drug experts to Afghanistan. And today, Colombia and the United States are working together to support Central America in their fight against drug cartels and the violence of organized crime.
I can say, Mr. President, based on our conversation this afternoon, that I have no doubt that the United States and Colombia continue to be, today, more than ever, a support, one for the other. Our alliance was strengthened. Our most valuable cooperation has been Plan Colombia, which I can sum up in very simple terms.
When Colombians were fighting to survive -- for our democracy to survive, actually -- faced with the threat of terrorism and drug trafficking, the United States stretched out a hand and helped us win that battle. We will never forget it.
Today, we live in a different country. Today, Colombia is a more peaceful society, a more modern and a fairer society. In November last year, we ended the longest and last armed conflict existing in our hemisphere. The guerilla is putting down weapons at this precise time to the United Nations. Insecurity has gone down significantly. Today, we have the lowest levels of violence of the last 40 years.
At the same time, we have had significant progress for our citizens on issues such as education, housing, health, and social services. Millions of Colombians have been lifted out of poverty. Today, we continue next to you as partners in Peace Colombia to consolidate peace in the most affected areas. With the robust support of your government, we are removing thousands of anti-personnel mines that murdered and mutilated children, women and soldiers. We are healing the wounds of our victims, and we are embarking on a big social-development program.
Such as we said today, we are working with your administration to take advantage of the unique opportunity peace offers so as to reduce permanently the production of coca leaf in Colombia and fight more effectively the other links in drug trafficking, including consumption. We must continue and deepen the fight against organized crime, transnational crime responsible not just for drug trafficking, but also for human trafficking and illegal mining.
Our shared agenda, framed within a high-level dialogue that we Colombians value so much, includes cooperation which has allowed us to have unprecedented progress towards quality education for everyone. And this is a priority in the policies of my government, and we wish to do more with regards to innovation and technology.
With the active participation of the private sector, we have reached trade agreements, investment agreements that are mutually beneficial. This morning, we established the entrepreneurial council between the United States and Colombia. We are and wish to continue to be the best destination in Latin America for American businesses. Colombia will continue to be very proudly a close friend and a strategic ally of the United States.
Dear President Trump, I hope you can visit us soon so that you can personally witness the transformation underway in our country. I hope to be able to welcome you to a Colombia in peace, a more equitable Colombia, a better-educated Colombia that you have so much contributed to.
Thank you so much.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Does anybody have any questions? (Laughter.) I’m shocked.
Jon, go ahead.
Q Mr. President, thank you very much.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you.
Q Mr. President, I’d like to get your reaction to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein’s decision to appoint a special counsel to investigate the Russian interference in the campaign. Was this the right move, or is this part of a “witch hunt”?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I respect the move, but the entire thing has been a witch hunt. And there is no collusion between certainly myself and my campaign, but I can always speak for myself -- and the Russians, zero.
I think it divides the country. I think we have a very divided country because of that and many other things. So I can tell you that we want to bring this great country of ours together, Jon. And I will also say very strongly, we’ve had tremendous success. You look at our job numbers, you look at what’s going on at the border, as we discussed before; if you look at what will be happening -- you’re going to see some incredible numbers with respect to the success of General Mattis and others with the ISIS situation. The numbers are staggering, how successful they’ve been, the military has been.
Tomorrow, as you know, I’m going to Saudi Arabia, going to Israel. I’m going to Rome. And we have the G7. We have a lot of great things going on.
So I hate to see anything that divides. I’m fine with whatever people want to do, but we have to get back to running this country really, really well. We’ve made tremendous progress in the last 100-some-odd days. Tremendous progress. And you see job numbers, you see all of the production that's starting. Plants starting to open again. Haven’t been open in years. I'm very proud of it. That's what I want to be focused on. Because, believe me, there's no collusion. Russia is fine. But whether it's Russia or anybody else, my total priority, believe me, is the United States of America.
So, thank you very much.
Q (As interpreted.) President Trump, President Santos, can we say that today we are setting a new roadmap in the relationship between Colombia and the United States? Which are the concrete commitments? You were talking about the post-conflict time. Many funds are needed for that.
And on the issue of Venezuela, President Trump, many deaths, human rights violations. There's plenty to be done.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, that's true. Venezuela has a very, very serious problem. We haven’t really seen a problem like that, I would say, Mr. President, in decades, in terms of the kind of violence that we're witnessing. The President was telling me -- and I knew -- that Venezuela was a very, very wealthy country, just about the wealthiest in your neck of the woods, and had tremendous strengths in so many different ways. And now it's poverty-stricken. People don’t have enough to eat. People have no food. There's great violence. And we will do whatever is necessary -- and we'll work together to do whatever is necessary -- to help with fixing that. And I'm really talking on a humanitarian level.
When you look at the oil reserves that they have, when you look at the potential wealth that Venezuela has, you sort of have to wonder, why is that happening? How is that possible? But it's been unbelievably poorly run for a long period of time. And hopefully that will change, and they can use those assets for the good and to take care of their people. Because right now what's happening is, really, a disgrace to humanity.
And, Jon, I think you also had a question for the President, if you'd like to.
Q Does he have another one?
PRESIDENT SANTOS: His question about the commitment. (As interpreted.) The commitment on President Trump's side and his administration was shown through the approval of the budget that, for Colombia, means an increase in the support to fund the post-conflict era. Last night we received from a very important organization, The Atlantic Council, a report, which includes both parties presided by a Republican senator and a Democrat senator with a roadmap recommending the governments of the United States and Colombia to follow.
This morning, we established this entrepreneurship council, United States-Colombia, so that the private sector can also have a voice in that roadmap. This means we are working together on every front that can be convenient for both countries. But we'll continue to work together. We have ratified that commitment today, during our conversation.
And as I said before, we have the best of relations with the United States. We are strategic allies in the region, and we will continue to be so.
Q Thank you, Mr. President. President Santos, to you, you heard President Trump say that critical to stopping the flow of drugs into the United States will be the wall that he wants to build on the Mexican border. Do you agree with him? Would that wall be a step -- a positive step and a step towards reducing the flow of drugs across the border?
PRESIDENT SANTOS: I believe that the best way to fight the drug trafficking is by collaborating. This is not a problem of Colombia only or a problem of the United States only. It's a world problem. And we have to all work together. We declared the war on drugs 40 years ago. The world declared the war on drugs. And it's a war that has not been won. So we must be more effective and more efficient.
Now, we are doing a very big effort, because of the peace process, to have a new strategy -- carrot and stick. Stick, by forced eradication. We have already eradicated, this year only, 15,000 hectares, which is the whole volume that we eradicated last year. And we're starting to eradicate -- to substitute voluntarily, through a program where the peasants -- and we have 80,000 families already in the program -- that they are going to substitute for legal crops. And this is the first time that this could be done because of the peace. Before, the conflict did not allow us to build roads and to give these peasants an alternative. Now we have. So we have to take advantage of this opportunity and continue reducing the production of coca.
In the meantime, we will work together, the U.S. and Colombia, with other countries -- Central America -- to fight the other links of the chain, the intermediaries. We have destroyed 22,000 laboratories in the Colombian jungles, seizing cocaine in transit. We have seized record amount of tons last year, and this year we're doing even better than last year.
So by working together we can be much more effective, and that is the commitment we just made or ratified this afternoon.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: And that was a long and very diplomatic answer to your question. I will say it a little bit shorter: Walls work. Just ask Israel. They work. Believe me, they work. And we have no choice.
Peter Baker. Yes.
Q Thank you, Mr. President. In the light of a very busy news week, a lot of people would like to get to the bottom of a couple of things, give you a chance to go on record here. Did you at any time urge former FBI Director James Comey in any way, shape, or form to close or to back down the investigation into Michael Flynn?
And also as you look back --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: No. No. Next question.
Q Next question. As you look back over the past six months or year, have you had any recollection where you've wondered if anything you have done has been something that might be worthy of criminal charges in these investigations or impeachment, as some on the left are implying?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I think it’s totally ridiculous. Everybody thinks so. And again, we have to get back to working our country properly so that we can take care of the problems that we have. We have plenty of problems. We've done a fantastic job. We have a tremendous group of people. Millions and millions of people out there that are looking at what you had just said, and said, "What are they doing?"
Director Comey was very unpopular with most people. I actually thought when I made that decision -- and I also got a very, very strong recommendation, as you know, from the Deputy Attorney General, Rod Rosenstein. But when I made that decision, I actually thought that it would be a bipartisan decision, because you look at all of the people on the Democratic side -- not only the Republican side -- they were saying such terrible things about Director Comey.
Then he had the very poor performance on Wednesday. That was a poor, poor performance. So poor, in fact, that I believe -- and you’d have to ask him, because I don't like to speak for other people -- but I believe that's why the Deputy Attorney General went out and wrote his very, very strong letter.
And then, on top of that, after the Wednesday performance by Director Comey, you had a person come and have to readjust the record, which many people have never seen before, because there were misstatements made. And I thought that was something that was terrible.
We need a great director of the FBI. I cherish the FBI. It’s special. All over the world, no matter where you go, the FBI is special. The FBI has not had that special reputation with what happened in the campaign, what happened with respect to the Clinton campaign, and even you could say -- directly or indirectly -- with respect to the much more successful Trump campaign.
We're going to have a director who is going to be outstanding. I’ll be announcing that director very soon, and I look forward to doing it. I think the people in the FBI will be very, very thrilled.
And just in concluding, we look forward to getting this whole situation behind us so that when we go for the jobs, we go for the strong military, when we go for all of the things that we've been pushing so hard and so successfully, including healthcare -- because Obamacare is collapsing. It’s dead; it’s gone. There’s nothing to compare anything to because we don't have healthcare in this country. You just look at what’s happening. Aetna just pulled out. Other insurance companies are pulling out. We don't have healthcare. Obamacare is a fallacy. It’s gone. We need healthcare.
We need to cut taxes. We're going to cut taxes. Forget what I want; it will be the biggest tax cut in the history of our nation. And that's what I want. It’s going to bring back companies. It’s going to bring back jobs. We lost so many jobs and so many companies to countries that are not so far from you, Mr. President -- they're very close to you, actually -- and to many other places throughout the world. We're going to change that. We're going to have expansion.
We already do. You look at what’s happening with Ford and with General Motors in Michigan and Ohio. You look at the tremendous number of jobs that are being announced in so many different fields. That's what I’m proud of, and that's what we want to focus our energy on.
The other is something I can only tell you: There was no collusion. And everybody -- even my enemies have said, there is no collusion.
So we want to get back and keep on the track that we're on. Because the track that we're on is record-setting, and that's what we want to do, is we want to break very positive records.
Thank you.
You could ask a question.
PRESIDENT SANTOS: Sorry, you have another question?
Q For you -- yes, sir, Mr. President. My question is, as someone who led a nation that's really done a lot of rebuilding and had to rebound from an epidemic of crime and drugs over quite a many years, what do you make of Mr. Trump’s America First policy? And further, you've had a tough time with conservative radio, sometimes been called a punching bag. And you’ve said you have to persevere. I’m curious if you've given any advice to President Trump on how to do so.
PRESIDENT SANTOS: I don't think I’m in a position to give any advice to President Trump. He can take care of himself. (Laughter.)
And what we did in Colombia, you quite rightly mentioned it, is persevere. When you know your port of destination, and you know that you're doing the correct thing, you simply have to persevere. And that's what we've done in Colombia, and that's why we were on the verge of being a failed state some years ago. And now we're one of the stars of the region. And that's through hard work, perseverance, and clarity of your objectives. And that's what we have done, and we have to continue because the trip is not over.
Q (As interpreted.) Mr. President, I’d like to ask you about trade. You're about to start the renegotiation of NAFTA on Colombia. And like other countries in the hemisphere, it has a large trade deficit with the United States. Are you worried about the fact that that could contribute to increasing that trade deficit? What is your position on the peace process in Colombia?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, it's been a long process, and it’s been a great thing to watch in the sense that the President did a fantastic job. That's not easy after so many years of war. So I’m very, very proud to get to know you, and I really congratulate you. There’s nothing tougher than peace, and we want to make peace all over the world. And you are really a great example of somebody that started it.
I mean, FARC is -- that was a long, tough situation, as you know very well, coming from the country. But I think the President has done a magnificent job. Not easy. But he’s done a magnificent job.
PRESIDENT SANTOS: (As interpreted.) Clearer impossible. (Laughter.)
On the trade issue, our deficit with the United States is not so large. It is a moderate deficit, which, of course, both countries will try to increase the volume of trade in both directions, and investments also in both directions.
Colombia is becoming an important investor here in the United States, and this is something not many people know. But we have considerable investments in the United States.
We have attempted to give dynamism to these flows of trade, of investment, getting together those main players who are the investors in the private sector. I believe the foundations have been laid. We have the free-trade agreement, which is working well. The number of Colombian businesses that are exporting to the United States has grown. And we both believe that we can take greater advantage of those agreements in order to increase flows in both directions for the benefit both of the Colombian and American peoples.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you, thank you.
END
4:36 P.M. EDTCoast Guard Academy
New London, Connecticut
11:50 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Thank you, John. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you, and congratulations to the Class of 2017. Great job.
And, General Kelly, I want to thank you for your leadership as the Coast Guard’s Service Secretary. You’ve really been something very, very special to us as a country, and to me and our administration. You’ve done throughout your entire life an incredible job defending your country. Thank you very much, John. (Applause.)
And John and all of his folks are also doing an incredible job protecting our homeland and our border. And I’m thrilled that my first address to the Service Academy is the graduation ceremony for the United States Coast Guard. Believe me, it’s a great honor. (Applause.) I’ve been here before and it’s a very, very special place. Every cadet graduating today, as your Commander-in-Chief, it is truly my honor to welcome you aboard. (Applause.) And you should take a moment to celebrate this incredible achievement.
Governor Malloy, thank you for being here. Governor, thank you. We’re glad you could join us. And I know how busy the governors are nowadays, and they’re out there fighting. It’s never easy. Budgets are a little tight, but we’re doing a job, all of us are doing a job, working together.
I want to also thank Admiral Zookunft and his leadership. His leadership has been amazing. Today’s graduates will be fortunate to serve under such capable and experienced Commandant. He really is fantastic.
Thanks also to Admiral Rendon, the Academy Superintendent. Admiral, I understand you come from a true Coast Guard family. Two brothers, a nephew, a cousin have all passed through these halls. That’s very impressive. I guess you like the place, right? (Applause.) Somebody in your family has been doing something right, I can tell you that. I’m sure they all are very proud, just as we are very proud of the fine young officers who are graduating today, Admiral, on your watch.
I would also like to take this opportunity to express our appreciation to all of the parents and the grandparents and family members who have supported these amazing graduates. Give your parents and everyone a hand. Come on. (Applause.) Because America has families like yours, and we’ll keep all of those families safe and very, very secure. You’re keeping your families safe now.
If you are not already, you’re about to become military families. So, starting today, I hope you feel the full gratitude of our nation. These fine young cadets are about to take their rightful place on the front line of defense for the United States of America. Cadets, you deserve not only the congratulations but the gratitude of each and every American, and we all salute you. (Applause.) A proud nation. And you’re a part of a very, very proud nation which salutes the 195 199 cadets of the Coast Guard Academy Class of 2017. Good job. (Applause.)
And I understand from the admirals that this has been a very special class. You’ve been trained here to handle the toughest of situations, the hardest of moments really that you can experience, and the hardest in people’s lives, and to help the weak in their hour of need. But even for the Coast Guard, this class has been exceptionally dedicated to public service.
You served breakfast at the local food bank every single weekday. You rebuilt a home with Habitat for Humanity. Last year, you led cadets in donating a total of 24,000 hours -- a lot of time -- to community service. You’ve done amazing work. And in the true Coast Guard fashion, you had fewer people and fewer resources, but you accomplished the objectives, and you did it with skill and with pride -- and, I’d like to say, under budget and ahead of schedule. We’re doing a lot of that now in the United States government. (Applause.) We’re doing a lot of that.
I won’t talk about how much I saved you on the F-35 fighter jet. I won’t even talk about it. Or how much we’re about to save you on the Gerald Ford, the aircraft carrier. That had a little bit of an overrun problem before I got here, you know that. Still going to have an overrun problem. We came in when it was finished. But we’re going to save some good money. And when we build the new aircraft carriers they’re going to be built under budget and ahead of schedule, just remember that. (Applause.) That will allow us to build more.
Now, of course, there are always a few slip-ups from time to time -- you know that. For example, I understand that once or twice, First Class Cadet Bruce Kim -- where’s Bruce? (Applause.) Where’s Bruce? Oh, Bruce, how do you do this to yourself, Bruce? (Laughter.) As Regimental Parking Officer, might have accidentally caused a few tickets to be issued or a few of your cars to be booted. Bruce, what’s going on with you? (Laughter.)
But, Cadets, from this day forward, we want everyone to have a clean slate in life. That includes Bruce, right? (Laughter.) And so, for any oversights or small violations that might have occurred this year, as tradition demands, I hereby absolve every cadet serving restrictions for minor offenses.
Now, Bruce -- stand up once again, Bruce. (Laughter.) They saved you, Bruce, because they all wanted me to do that, okay? Thank you, Bruce. Congratulations, Bruce. (Applause.) Good job. By the way, Bruce, don't worry about it. That's the tradition. I was forced to do that. You know that. Don't worry. (Laughter.)
This is truly an amazing group of cadets that are here today for commission. You could have gone to school anywhere you wanted -- and with very, very few responsibilities by comparison. Instead, you chose the path of service. You chose hard work, high standards, and a very noble mission -- to save lives, defend the homeland, and protect America’s interests around the world. You chose the Coast Guard. Good choice. Good choice. (Applause.)
You’ve learned skills they don’t teach at other schools right here on the grounds of this academy and also on your larger campus -- the open sea. That is a large, large campus, isn’t it? A beautiful campus. But the greatest lesson you’ve learned at this proud institution is the knowledge you've learned about yourself. It’s the knowledge that each and every one of you is something very special -- you are leaders.
From the first stormy days of your Swab Summer to your final weeks as a first class cadet, you have been expected to take responsibility, to make decisions, and to act. And I -- like all leaders, that's exactly what you have to do. You have to act, and you have to act properly. And you have to learn how to act under great, great pressure. You're all going to be under great pressure. You have to learn how to respond and to act under great pressure.
Just days from now, you will put this vital skill into the service of your ships, your sectors, and your country. You’ll serve as deck watch officers on our amazing Coast Guard cutters. You’ll bring law and order to the dangerous waters as boating officers. You will block illegal shipments of cash, weapons and drugs. You will battle the scourge of human trafficking -- something that people haven’t been talking about. One of the big, big plagues of the world. Not our country only -- the world. Human trafficking.
Americans will place their trust in your leadership, just as they have trusted in generations of Coast Guard men and women, with respect for your skill, with awe at your courage, and with the knowledge that you will always be ready. You are Always Ready.
Not only will our citizens trust in your leadership, your commanders will trust you as well. The Coast Guard is the gold standard in delegating decision-making down to chain command. So just as your instructors have at the academy, your Coast Guard commanders will explain their vision, and then they will trust you to get the job done. Just like I, as your President, will also trust you to get the job done.
It’s amazing to think of the adventures that are about to begin for you. Across the country this month, millions of other students are graduating high school, college. Many others are wondering, just what am I going to do. They're saying to themselves, what are they going to do. You know what you're going to do. Many, many students are graduating from college right now. They're saying, what am I going to do? Where am I going to go to work? You know it. You picked a good one, by the way. You picked a beautiful one, a good one, and we're really proud to have you, I can tell you. (Applause.)
Years from now, some of them may look back and ask themselves whether they’ve made the right choice, whether they’ve made the most of the opportunities they’ve been given. In the Coast Guard, you will face many challenges and many threats, but one thing you will never have to face is that question of what will I do. When you look back, you won’t doubt. You know exactly how you spent your time -- saving lives.
I look at your admirals, I look at General Kelly, I look at some of the great people in service, and I want to tell you, they're excited about life. They love what they do. They love the country. They love protecting our country, and they love what they do. Is that right? Good. I didn't think anyone was going to say no. (Laughter.) That would have ruined our speech, right? (Laughter.) They're great people.
You always know just what you’ll be: the leaders and officers of the United States Coast Guard. (Applause.)
And when they see your uniform, everyone in the world will know exactly what that means. What standard -- and really if you think of it, when you talk about the great sailors, and the great sailors of the world, we have them. But what stranded sailor doesn’t feel relief when those red racing stripes break the horizon? What drifting soul at sea, with only a short time left to live, doesn’t rejoice at the sound of those chopper blades overhead, coming back and coming down to rescue them from death? What poison-peddling drug runner, the scourge of our country, doesn’t tremble with fear when the might of the Coast Guard comes bearing down on them? In each case, we know the reason --America's lifesaving service is on the way. The Coast Guard is truly vital to the United States Armed Forces and truly vital to our great country. (Applause.)
Out of the five branches of our Armed Services, it's only the Coast Guard that has the power to break through 21 feet of rock-solid Arctic ice, right? You’re the only ones. And I’m proud to say that under my administration, as you just heard, we will be building the first new heavy icebreakers the United States has seen in over 40 years. We’re going to build many of them. (Applause.) We need them. We need them.
The Coast Guard stands watch at our ports, patrols our waterways, and protects our infrastructure. You defend America in a world of massive and very grave threats. Soon, some of you will be leading boardings of suspicious vessels, searching for the most deadly weapons, and detaining criminals to keep our people safe. Others of you will work with partners in scores of countries around the globe, bringing in the full power of the United States Coast Guard right up to those distant shores. And some of those shores are very far away.
To secure our borders from drug cartels, human smugglers, and terrorist threats, Coast Guard Cutters patrol more than 1,500 miles below our southern border. A lot of people didn’t know that. When enormous pride hits your heart, you realize that it’s with this great skill and tremendous speed, our Coast Guard men and women interdict dangerous criminals and billions and billions of dollars' worth of illegal narcotics every single year. Your helicopters launch from the decks of world-class national security cutters, and they chase drug smugglers at speeds far in excess of 50 knots.
In rough seas, at high speeds, our incredible Coast Guard snipers take their aim at the smugglers' engines. And time after time, they take out the motors on the first shot. They don’t like wasting the bullets, right? (Applause.) They actually don’t. Your slice through roaring storms, and through pouring rain and crashing waves is a place where few other people will ever venture -- exciting. Exciting. But you have to have it in your heart. You have to love it. You love it.
In the Coast Guard, you don't run from danger, you chase it. And you are deployed in support of operations in theaters of conflict all around the world. But not only do you defend American security, you also protect American prosperity. It's a mission that goes back to the earliest days of the Revenue Cutter Service. You’ve read about that and studied that.
Today, the Coast Guard helps keep our waters open for Americans to do business. It keeps our rivers flowing with commerce. And it keeps our ports churning with American exports. You help billions and billions of dollars in goods to navigate our country every day. You are the only federal presence on our inland waterways. You police the arteries we need to rebuild this country and to bring prosperity back to our heartland. And we are becoming very, very prosperous again. You can see that.
Think of the glorious mission that awaits. You will secure our harbors, our waterways, and our borders. You will partner with our allies to advance our security interests at home and abroad. And you will pursue the terrorists, you will stop the drug smugglers, and you will seek to keep out all who would do harm to our country -- all who can never, ever love our country. Together, we have the same mission, and your devotion and dedication makes me truly proud to be your Commander-in-Chief. (Applause.) Thank you.
Now, I want to take this opportunity to give you some advice. Over the course of your life, you will find that things are not always fair. You will find that things happen to you that you do not deserve and that are not always warranted. But you have to put your head down and fight, fight, fight. Never, ever, ever give up. Things will work out just fine.
Look at the way I’ve been treated lately -- (laughter) -- especially by the media. No politician in history -- and I say this with great surety -- has been treated worse or more unfairly. You can’t let them get you down. You can’t let the critics and the naysayers get in the way of your dreams. (Applause.) I guess that’s why I -- thank you. I guess that’s why we won.
Adversity makes you stronger. Don’t give in. Don’t back down. And never stop doing what you know is right. Nothing worth doing ever, ever, ever came easy. And the more righteous your right, the more opposition that you will face.
I’ve accomplished a tremendous amount in a very short time as President. Jobs pouring back in to our country. A brand-new Supreme Court justice -- who’s going to be fantastic for 45 years -- (applause) -- a historic investment in our military. Border crossings -- thank you to our General -- are down more than 70 percent in just a short period of time -- a total record, by the way, by a lot. (Applause.) We’ve saved the Second Amendment, expanded service for our veterans -- we are going to take care of our veterans like they’ve never been taken care of before. (Applause.)
I’ve loosened up the strangling environmental chains wrapped around our country and our economy, chains so tight that you couldn’t do anything -- that jobs were going down. We were losing business. We’re loosening it up. We’ve begun plans and preparations for the border wall, which is going along very, very well. We’re working on major tax cuts for all. We are going to give you the largest tax cut in the history of our country if we get it the way we want it, and we’re going to give you major tax reform. (Applause.) And we’re also getting closer and closer, day by day, to great healthcare for our citizens. (Applause.)
And we are setting the stage right now for many, many more things to come. And the people understand what I’m doing, and that’s the most important thing. I didn’t get elected to serve the Washington media or special interests. I got elected to serve the forgotten men and women of our country, and that’s what I’m doing. (Applause.) I will never stop fighting for you, and I will never stop fighting for the American people.
As you leave this academy to embark on your exciting new voyage, I am heading on a very crucial journey as well. In a few days, I will make my first trip abroad as President. With the safety, security, and interests of the American people as my priority, I will strengthen old friendships and will seek new partners -- but partners who also help us. Not partners who take and take and take, partners who help, and partners who help pay for whatever we are doing and all of the good we’re doing for them -- which is something that a lot of people have not gotten used to and they just can’t get used to it. I say, get used to it, folks. (Applause.) I’ll ask them to unite for a future of peace and opposition opportunity for our peoples and the peoples of the world.
First, in Saudi Arabia, where I'll speak with Muslim leaders and challenge them to fight hatred and extremism, and embrace a peaceful future for their faith. And they’re looking very much forward to hearing what we -- as your representative -- we have to say. We have to stop radical Islamic terrorism. (Applause.)
Then in Israel, I'll reaffirm our unbreakable alliance with the Jewish state. In Rome, I will talk with Pope Francis about the contributions of Christian teachings to the world. Finally, I’ll attend the NATO Summit in Brussels and the G7 in Sicily -- to promote security, prosperity and peace all over the world.
I’ll meet scores of leader, and honor the holiest sites of these three great religions. And everywhere I go, I will carry the inspiration I take from you each day, from your courage and determination to do whatever is required save and protect American lives. Save and protect American lives. We want security. You're going to give us security. (Applause.)
In just one example, we see how priceless that gift of life is to the people you touch every day. A few years ago, a Coast Guard helicopter and rescue swimmer took off in the direction of three terrified fishermen who clung to their sinking and burning vessel. That day, our Coast Guard heroes did their jobs well. They flew over the sea, despite tremendous danger, and extended a helping hand at the moment it was most urgently needed. There was very little time left.
But that’s not the most remarkable part of that story. As one Coast Guard swimmer put it, you do that stuff all the time. You do it every hour of the day. Something is happening all the time with the United States Coast Guard. You do an amazing job. A remarkable thing happened with that rescue, but when you think of it, you do those rescues all the time. There, the Vietnamese fishing captain grabbed the swimmer’s hand. He looked his Coast Guard rescuer in the eye, and said: “I was asking God to please let me live....I need to see my kids. Please, God, please, let me live so that I can see my kids. Then God sent me you.” That's what he said. (Applause.)
To every new officer, and to every new Coast Guard member here today, or out protecting life around the world on some of the roughest waters anywhere, you truly are doing God’s work. What a grateful heart you must all have. Because it is with my very grateful heart, and America’s cheers for the Coast Guard -- and America cheers for you often -- but we wish you good luck.
As your Commander-in-Chief, I thank you. I salute you. And I, once again, congratulate the Coast Guard Class of 2017. (Applause.) God bless you. God bless the Coast Guard. And God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.) Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody. Great honor. Good luck. Enjoy your life. (Applause.)
END
12:18 P.M. EDT1:07 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: That's a lot of press. Really, a lot of press. I'm shocked.
It is a pleasure to welcome President Erdogan for his first visit to the White House in years. The American and Turkish peoples have been friends and allies for many, many decades.
Turkey was a pillar in the Cold War against communism. It was a bastion against Soviet expansion. And Turkish courage in war is legendary. That is so true.
Turkish soldiers fought bravely alongside of American soldiers in the Korean War, and we haven’t forgotten what they did. In some ways, when we looked at their great bravery in the fight of Korea -- and in Korea, it was just something that our soldiers and our great generals still remember. Supreme Commander General Douglas MacArthur singled out and praised the exemplary valor of the Turkish soldier -- said, some of the great soldiers of the world.
Today we face a new enemy in the fight against terrorism, and again we seek to face this threat together. The Turkish people have faced horrible terrorist attacks in recent years and even recently. We offer our compassion to the victims, and we offer our support to the Turkish nation.
We support Turkey in the first fight against terror and terror groups like ISIS and the PKK, and ensure they have no safe quarter, the terror groups. We also appreciate Turkey’s leadership in seeking an end to the horrific killing in Syria. The Syrian civil war shocks the conscience of the whole world. And all you have to do is look in the front page of the papers today and you'll see exactly what we're talking about. We also support any effort that can be used to reduce the violence in Syria and create the conditions for a peaceful resolution.
President Erdogan and I are also discussing the need to reinvigorate our trade and commercial ties. These are areas where we can build our relationship that will benefit both of our countries. Military equipment was ordered by Turkey and the President, and we've made sure that it gets there quickly.
I look forward to working together with President Erdogan on achieving peace and security in the Middle East, on confronting the shared threats, and on working toward a future of dignity and safety for all of our people.
Mr. President, thank you for visiting our country and joining us today at the White House. It is a great honor to have you with us. Thank you.
PRESIDENT ERDOGAN: (As interpreted.) Mr. President, my dear friend, distinguished members of the press, at the outset I'd like to whole-heartedly salute you all. And I would like to take all this opportunity to thank President Trump and his team for the generous hospitality they have shown us upon arrival, not only to my personal self but to the entire members of my delegation. On behalf of the entire Turkish nation, thank you, Mr. President.
And once again, in your presence, I would like to congratulate President Trump for the legendary triumph that he has garnered in the aftermath of the elections.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you.
PRESIDENT ERDOGAN: (As interpreted.) Quite recently, we've had bilateral discussions with President Trump, and we've had the opportunity to focus on the outstanding relations between Turkey and the United States that date back a long time in history, which are very well rooted and which have quite happily reached a level of strategic partnership.
The relations between Turkey and the United States have been erected upon common democratic values and common interests. Keeping our outstanding relations stronger than ever will be very important not only for our common interests, but also stability of the globe and peace around the world.
The close cooperation that both of the countries shall demonstrate, especially in the region, which is currently in turmoil, will be very important for the rest of the world. And, primarily, we are alongside by each other as Turkey and the United States, under the roof of the United Nations, NATO, and the G20.
We have been enjoying a close cooperation in all of these platforms, in all of these fora around the world. And in the future to come, we are going to focus on making sure that we're going to expand our close cooperation and build on the outstanding dialogue that we enjoy.
We are determined to expand our relations, and I believe my current official visit to the United States will mark a historical turn of tide. Whether it be throughout our bilateral discussions, whether it be the discussions that we shall have between the delegations, I think we are going to enjoy some further gains in terms of the future of our relations. We seem to agree on expanding our relations in the field of economy, trade, reciprocal investments, energy, and defense industry.
It is going to be very important for us to forge a close solidarity and cooperation in the field of fighting terrorism, primarily with Daesh and all the other terrorist organizations in the region. And we are committed to fighting all forms of terrorism, without any discrimination whatsoever, that impose a clear and a present threat upon our future.
There is no place for the terrorist organizations in the future of our region. Taking YPG and PYD in the region -- taking them into consideration in the region, it will never be accepted, and it is going to be against a global agreement that we have reached. And we should never allow those groups to manipulate the religious structure and the ethnic structure of the region making terrorism as a pretext or an excuse.*
Those who are willing to turn to chaos in Syria, Iraq, Yemen, and Libya are bound to lose eventually. They will never be able to turn that chaos in that part of the world into an opportunity, and the terrorist organizations with blood on their hands are bound to fail.
And as I have previously done so, I have been frankly communicating our expectations with regard to the Fethullahist Terrorist Organization, which we have notified our friends of their involvement in the failed coup of July the 15th in Turkey. And we have taken into consideration the joint steps that we can take forward in Syria and Iraq.
Of course, President Trump’s recent election victory has led to the awakening of a new set of aspirations and expectations and hopes in our region. And we know that, by the help of the new U.S. administration, these hopes will not be lost in vain. And we find that it was the most necessary answer to be given to the Syrian regime, especially in the aftermath of the recent chemical attacks that took place. And we know that, in terms of keeping up with the principled and committed fight against the terrorists organizations all around the world, we will not repeat the mistakes of the past, and we will continue down this path together.
In the restoration and the establishment of stability and security of the region in question, the alliance and this partnership and cooperation between the United States and Turkey is of vital importance. I hope and pray that both of us will be committed to expanding further our cooperation in the future along with consulting each other more frequently. We are laying the foundation of a new era between the two countries in terms of our relations. I hope and pray that this new administration will bring forth auspicious results for the relations.
And I would like to thank President Trump for his very kind and cordial invitation, and I’m looking forward to hosting him in Turkey along with his entire family.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you all very much. Appreciate it. We’re going to go to meetings now.
Q Mr. President, (inaudible) the intelligence that you spoke with the Russians about?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, we had a very, very successful meeting with the Foreign Minister of Russia. Our fight is against ISIS, as General McMaster said. I thought he said, and I know he feels, that we had actually a great meeting with the Foreign Minister.
So we’re going to have a lot of great success over the next coming years, and we want to get as many to help fight terrorism as possible. And that’s one of the beautiful things that’s happening with Turkey. The relationship that we have together will be unbeatable.
So thank you all very much. I appreciate it. We’re going to meetings right now. Thank you.
END
1:20 P.M. EDT
*The Department of State offers an updated English translation for this portion of President Erdogan’s remarks: "There is no place for the terrorist organizations in the future of our region. Particularly, taking YPG/PYD terrorist organization as an interlocutor in the region, regardless of whichever country it is, is definitely inconsistent with the agreement that had been reached at a global level. Likewise, we should not allow those who want to change the religious and ethnic structure of the region by using actions of terrorist organizations as an excuse."U.S. Capitol
Washington, D.C.
12:02 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, everybody. (Applause.) Wow, what a beautiful introduction. Thank you, Chuck. That was above and beyond. That's the way I'm going to be with you, too. And it's a great honor -- thank you very much -- it's a great honor to address America’s heroes on this most solemn occasion.
Words cannot express the depths of our gratitude, but I hope that our actions will show you how deeply we care and how strongly we feel about protecting those who protect us. America stands strong with our men and women in blue. Believe me, we stand strong together.
I want to recognize Jim Pasco, Linda Hennie, Chaplain Wiggins, and everyone at the Fraternal Order of Police for all that you do to protect the law enforcement of this country and all of our communities. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. (Applause.) As long as I’m President, you will always find an open door to the White House. And you’ve already found it, believe me.
Mr. Vice President, Cabinet Secretaries, and members of Congress, we are gathered here today at the U.S. Capitol to pay tribute to those brave law enforcement officers who gave their lives in the line of duty. On this Peace Officers’ Memorial Day, we thank God for having blessed so many of us with such incredible heroes -- and we pledge our solidarity with their families and loved ones. And many of those great families and survivors are here with us today, and I'd love you to stand up. Families and survivors -- what great, incredible people. (Applause.) And your loved ones are looking down on you right now, believe me, and they’re very proud. Thank you. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you very much for being here. Whatever you need, we are here for you, and we are praying for you.
As I look out today at this amazing assembly of police, detectives, marshals and sheriffs, I want to make all of you remember and heed this promise: I will always support the incredible men and women of law enforcement as much as you have always supported me. And you did, big league. (Applause.)
Your presence here reminds us all of what is at stake on this sacred day of remembrance. Each May, during Police Week, new names of fallen police officers are added to the National Law Enforcement Memorial. This year, 394 brave souls join the over 20,000 men and women who gave up their lives in the line of duty to protect us.
The names of these heroes are not only carved into that wall, but carved into the hearts of the American people. And by the way, the American people love you, more than you will ever know. I can tell you that. (Applause.)
Though your loved ones left us much too soon, the memory of their courage will live on forever. To see so many names together is to gain only a small glimpse of the debt America owes to those who protect our cities and police on our streets.
We are privileged this morning to be joined by families of the fallen, to whom we owe that ultimate loyalty. So many people -- even back here. Please know that you do not grieve alone. Though we cannot fathom the depths of your loss, nor fully appreciate the bond that forms in the precinct and between partners on the beat, your sadness is left and felt by all of us. Every drop of blood spilled from our heroes in blue is a wound inflicted upon the whole country. And every heartache known by your families in law enforcement is a sorrow shared by the entire family of the American nation.
No one asked these selfless men and women to enlist in this righteous cause, or to enroll as foot soldiers in the eternal struggle against crime and violence. They joined the cause because their hearts were big and full of amazing courage. They joined because they cared so deeply for the innocent and helpless and forgotten. They put on the uniform because they believed to the very core of their souls, that it was their mission in life to serve and to protect.
As the Bible tells us, there is no greater love than to lay down one’s life for one’s friends. The names and stories on that wall are each a testament to this pure and unselfish love. And that’s what it is -- pure and unselfish love. And it is our duty as a people and as a nation to prove worthy of their sacrifice. And that begins with showing our police the appreciation they have earned a thousand times over. (Applause.)
Living in New York, I gained a deep appreciation and lasting admiration for law enforcement. Thousands of people are living and enjoying life today in New York who otherwise would be gone because our great police fought to bring safety to our streets and our communities. The entire world witnessed the heroism of New York’s finest when they gave their lives on 9/11 -- I was there -- and sacrificed so much in that brutal, horrible aftermath.
Now, as President, my highest duty is to keep America safe. We will keep America safe. (Applause.) And included in safe means safe from crimes, safe from terrorism, and safe from all enemies, foreign and domestic. At the center of that duty is the requirement to ensure that our law enforcement personnel are given the tools and resources they need to do their jobs and to come home to their families safely. (Applause.)
You are the Thin Blue Line between civilization and chaos. You come from every community and all walks of life. You are mothers and fathers and sons and daughters. You rush into unknown danger, risking your lives for people you have never met, people you don’t know, performing your duty under the most difficult conditions -- and often without any thanks at all.
Because you do not hear nearly enough, I want you to know that patriotic Americans of all backgrounds truly support and love our police. (Applause.)
And a very sad thing is that many of today’s politicians don’t want to say that, don’t want to talk about that because it’s not politically correct or they think it might hurt them with the voters. I will say it and I will talk about it proudly. (Applause.) I will make it the personal priority of my administration to ensure that our police are finally treated fairly, with honor and respect that they deserve. (Applause.)
To all Americans watching this event today, next time you see a cop on the beat, take a moment to say two wonderful words, which they so readily deserve: Thank you. Thank you. (Applause.)
As you all know much too well, we are living through an era in which our police have been subject to unfair defamation and vilification, and, even worse -- really, I mean, you see what's going on, you see what's going -- even worse, hostility and violence. More officers were slain last year in ambushes than in any year in more than two decades, including -- and that's so incredible to even have to be speaking about this -- the beloved officers killed in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, in yet another murderous attack of law enforcement. And we have some of those incredible families and survivors with us. (Applause.) Thank you.
The attacks on our police are a stain on the very fabric of our society, and you are entitled to leadership at the highest level that will draw a bright line in the sand -- not a red line in the sand that isn’t gone over -- but a bright line in the sand. And we will protect you. That I can tell you. And we will say, "Enough is enough." (Applause.) The attacks on our police must end, and they must end right now. (Applause.)
And just to show you, by the way, how much I love our police, I said, oh, I'm going to need a hat because it's so windy today. (Laughter.) I said, when I got out of here, there's no way I'm going to put on this hat. So we'll leave off the hat. And this is for you, Micah. That's for our beautiful Micah down there. (Applause.)
We must also end the reckless words of incitement that give rise to danger and give rise to violence. It is time to work with our cops, not against them, but to support them in making our streets safe; not to obstruct them -- which we're doing, we obstruct them.
It is time for all Americans, from all parties and beliefs, to join together in a simple goal to ensure that every child in America has the right to grow up in safety, security and peace. True social justice means a future where every child, in every neighborhood, can play outside without fear, can walk home safely from school, and can live out the beautiful dreams that fill their heart -- like you, Mica. (Applause.)
Freedom includes the right to be free -- and I mean totally free -- from crime and from violence. MS-13 is going to be gone from our streets very soon, believe me. (Applause.)
When policing is reduced, it’s often the poorest and most vulnerable Americans who are the first to suffer. We have all seen the tragic rise in violence and crimes in many of our disadvantaged communities. We’ve seen the unbearable horror of the shortcomings in Baltimore and Chicago that have cut short so many lives and so many beautiful, beautiful dreams.
We cannot stand for such violence. We cannot tolerate such pain. We cannot, under any circumstances, any longer turn a blind eye to this suffering that's going on any longer. And we won't. (Applause.)
It's time for a grateful nation to join hands with our police and with our sheriffs to build the bridges of cooperation and trust, and to make our streets safer for every man, woman and child in America. And someday, many of the young children you are protecting will decide that they, too, want to be police officers, that they, too, want to be sheriffs, they want to be cops -- they want to be cops. They want to protect people because they love people. And that's what they're going to do, and they're going to do it well. They're going to be great at it.
As we seek this better and brighter future, we do so in the memory of these brave but gentle souls who were stolen from this world when they had so much left to share and to give not only to us but to their incredible families.
Among them were Patrolman Justin Martin and Sergeant Tony Beminio, who were murdered last November. Patrolman Martin was on the beat for less than a year, and leaves a beautiful, loving mom and dad, Randy and Jayne. And thank you, Randy and Jayne. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. (Applause.) Sergeant Beminio was a veteran of 11 years, and leaves behind his wife Zoe, and his wonderful children, Cameron, Haley and Maddox.
Ashley Guindon of the Prince William County Police fell in the line of duty on her very first day on the beat. She swore the oath to protect and serve only a day prior to her death. One day. Officer Gwin-Don was dedicated to serving our nation
-- she also served in the Marines. And today, our thoughts are with her and her incredible mother, Sharon. Thank you, Sharon. Thank you. Thank you, Sharon. (Applause.) Thank you.
I also had the privilege to meet at the White House just a little while ago with representatives from the Phoenix Police Department, New Jersey State Troopers, and the Ulster County Sheriff’s Department, who are mourning the deaths of State Trooper Frankie Williams and Sergeant Kerry Winters.
I had the chance to spend time with Officer Glasser’s beautiful family, his wife, Kristen, and his six-year-old son Micah -- who has my hat and he’s now with us. Micah, stand up. Kristen, please stand up. Great people. (Applause.)
Kristen and Micah, I know your beloved husband and father is looking down on you right now from heaven, and he is so proud of you both. And thank you very much. Thank you.
We also remember those incredible heroes who were so cruelly targeted for execution in Dallas, Texas -- rushing into a hail of gunfire, never to return. Dallas Police Sergeant Michael Smith was a 27-year veteran of the Dallas Police. He was decorated a law enforcement officer at the highest level, and even paid his own way to attend advanced training sessions. He leaves behind his cherished wife, Heidi, and his loving daughters, Victoria and Caroline. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
Last Friday, in Kirkersville, Ohio, a gunman shot and killed Steven Eric Disario. He was the Chief of the Kirkersville Police Department. He died responding to a hostage situation at a local nursing home. Chief Disario leaves behind six children and his wife, who is expecting another child. Our hearts break for the Chief’s family. We love you all. We love you all. (Applause.) Thank you.
To every child in America who has lost a mom or a dad in the line of duty, I want you to know your parents are American heroes -- American heroes. They died keeping us safe. They are the pride of our nation. And we will hold them in our hearts always and forever. (Applause.) Their sacrifice will never, ever be forgotten.
To everyone in the audience here today, I want you to know that my administration is determined -- totally determined -- to restore law and order and justice for all Americans, and we're going to do it quickly. (Applause.)
And that is why I’m so proud to be here today with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Homeland Security Director John Kelly, two men who are deeply committed to the rule of law, to the rank-and-file officers who enforce it, and to bringing the violent criminals, drug dealers, and gang members to justice. And I mean bring them to justice quickly. Thank you very much for being here. (Applause.)
All of you at this ceremony, the men and women who police the streets, or who send our loved ones to work with a really very, very, sometimes worried or heavy heart -- every single day you do that -- you've seen and you've heard things that no one else should ever have to see or hear. You bear this burden on our behalf. You have witnessed the evil of those who derive pleasure from inflicting pain on the innocent. You've seen a lot of that more recently than maybe ever before. It’s going to stop. And you've watched great, great people suffer unthinkable harm and unthinkable death.
America as a nation must always have the clarity to know the difference between good and evil, between right and wrong, and between those who uphold our laws and those who so easily break them. We owe it to the fallen to act according to our best and highest ideals. We owe it to their memory to put truth before politics, justice before agendas, and to put the safety and security of the American people above everything else. (Applause.) And we owe it to them to build a better future for all of America’s wonderful children.
May today be the beginning of a new era of respect and appreciation for law enforcement. May this ceremony bring new hope to those in search of healing, harmony and peace. May Americans learn from the example of the heroes we have lost, and always remember to trust each other, work with each other, and love each other.
And finally, and so importantly, may God bless you. May God bless our police. And may God bless the United States of America. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
12:27 P.M. EDTYour browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript:
My fellow Americans,
Confidence in the American economy has reached levels not seen in many, many years. Unemployment fell to its lowest level in nearly ten years last month, and we created 211,000 new jobs.
Our economic progress is especially good news for the millions of young Americans who, at this time of the year, are putting on a cap and gown and receiving a diploma, certificate, or commission. So important, and we are so proud of them.
This weekend, I am delighted to be participating first hand in the excitement by joining the students and faculty at Liberty University to celebrate the success of their graduates. I was invited to make the commencement address at West Point, but I will be away at the G7 – and I look forward to that – and will be at West Point, Annapolis, and the Air Force Academy.
Come to think about it, a few days later, I will actually travel to New London, Connecticut, to speak to the graduating cadets of the United States Coast Guard Academy about their new roles serving our country. So we’ll be with them very shortly.
To young Americans at both schools, I will be bringing a message of hope and optimism about our nation’s bright future. That is a message that I want to extend to all young Americans today, especially those who are graduating this year and entering the labor force.
We are also celebrating all of the Americans who learn the skills and trades that generations of workers have used to build, shape, and supply this nation. The people who construct, repair, and create with their own two hands are the people who make this nation run. And lots of those people voted for me. That’s also why, in my Administration, I am so deeply committed to technical and vocational education.
I want you to know that my administration is working every single day to create new opportunities and to reverse years of stagnant growth, falling wages, and disappearing jobs. We are ending the sellout of American workers—and lifting the burdens on American industry, manufacturing, and businesses.
We are rolling back the job-killing regulations that make it harder for companies to grow and hire in America. At the same time, we are unleashing American energy development to create thousands of new jobs on our soil and just off our shores.
On trade, we have also taken historic action to protect American industry and bring back the kinds of high-paying jobs that can support a middle class family – and in fact, most families.
As a vote of confidence in these policies, business optimism is soaring and employment is rising. These are great signs for America’s future – the future that our new graduates will play with such a critical role in shaping our world and our country.
I want every young citizen – regardless of education or geography – to be able to live out their American Dreams.
So to all of America’s graduates, congratulations. And to all of America’s youth: we are here to help create the jobs and future you deserve.
The brightest days are ahead of you. And I just look forward to seeing you at the Coast Guard Academy, and at Liberty University.
Thank you. God Bless You. And God Bless America.Your browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript:
My fellow Americans,
Since Day One, my administration has been hard at work, tearing down the barriers to job creation and economic growth. We have removed one job-killing regulation after another – they’re not pretty and they’re going. And believe me, we are just getting started on regulations. They’re gone.
On Thursday, the House voted to repeal one of the worst job-killing laws of all. It’s called ObamaCare, perhaps you’ve heard of it. Everywhere we look, ObamaCare is collapsing. The House Bill is a plan that will save Americans from this disaster, and replace it with more choices, and more freedom for American families. Most importantly, it will be great healthcare, and your premiums will come down, and your deductibles will come down. So you’ll have better healthcare at a lower cost. And now, I’m calling on the Senate to take action. Repealing and replacing ObamaCare will be a big, big win for the American People.
Last week, my economic team outlined another step in our economic renewal: a massive tax cut to bring jobs and prosperity back to the USA. We pay the highest taxes anywhere in the world. No country is higher, and we’re bringing them down –and I mean way down.
I am proposing—actually the single largest tax cut—in American history. Our tax relief will be focused on the Middle Class, including much-needed relief for low and middle-income parents raising children.
As we provide tax relief to working families, we must also stop crippling American Industry. Right now, America’s businesses are taxed at the single highest rate in the developed world. This is a self-inflicted economic wound that sends jobs to other countries. And believe me, before I got here, they were fleeing fast, but we’ve stopped it. We want to turn our country into a jobs machine—a jobs magnet, something that really works again. We want America to be the best place in the world to hire, grow, invest, and start a brand-new, beautiful business.
And that is why under our plan, we are cutting the business tax rate all the way down to 15 percent, bringing thousands of new companies and millions of new jobs to our shores. Today’s high taxes on American Business are a gift to the foreign countries taking our jobs, factories, and wealth—and we’re not going to allow it any longer.
Along with our historic tax cut we are proposing dramatic tax simplification. American taxpayers spend billions of hours each year complying with our archaic tax laws, reducing economic productivity and job creation.
The complexity of the tax code also disadvantages small businesses and family-owned companies who can’t afford to hire an army of lawyers, and that’s what it is, it’s an army of lawyers, and lobbyists, or accountants. Other people can do it, you can’t, and it’s not fair to ask you to even think about it.
That is why we are cleaning up the code, streamlining deductions, and eliminating many special interest tax breaks that largely benefit only the wealthy.
Just weeks ago, millions of Americans filed their taxes on Tax Day—they were reminded again how much they give to Washington. We believe every day Americans know better how to spend their own money than the federal bureaucracy, and we want to help them keep as much of that hard-earned money as we can.
Tax reform, along with regulatory relief and fair trade deals—and we’re going to make them fair—but even really good again for our country, and for our workers. All of this will usher in a new era of prosperity in America – and bring wealth, hope, and opportunity to those communities that need it the most.
Together, we are going to fight for every last American job. And we are going to fight for great, great trade deals that are so good for our workers, and so good for our families.
Thank you, God Bless You, and God Bless America.3:18 P.M. EDT
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Speaker Ryan, Majority Leader McCarthy, Majority Whip Scalise, Chairwoman McMorris Rodgers, Chairman Brady, Chairman Walden, Chairwoman Black, Congressman McArthur, Congressman Meadows, and all the principled members of Congress who are standing with us here today, on behalf of President Donald Trump and the first family, welcome to the White House. (Applause.) And thanks to the leadership of President Donald Trump, welcome to the beginning of the end of Obamacare. (Applause.)
It was March, 2010, seven years ago, Democrats passed a government takeover of healthcare. And at that time, Republicans in Congress promised the American people that law would not stand. Today, thanks to the perseverance, the determination, and the leadership of President Donald Trump, and all the support of those gathered here, we’ve taken a historic first step to repeal and replace Obamacare and finally give the American people the kind of healthcare they deserve. (Applause.)
So, today, with heartfelt gratitude for all he has done to keep his word to the American people, and for all he will do to continue to make America great again, it is my high honor and distinct privilege to introduce to you the President of the United States of America, President Donald Trump. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Mike. (Applause.) That’s the group. Thank you.
Thank you very much. This really is the group. What a great group of people. and they’re not even doing it for the party, they’re doing it for this country -- because we suffered with Obamacare. I went through two years of campaigning, and I’m telling you, no matter where I went, people were suffering so badly with the ravages of Obamacare.
And I will say this, that as far as I’m concerned, your premiums, they’re going to start to come down. We’re going to get this passed through the Senate. I feel so confident. Your deductibles, when it comes to deductibles, they were so ridiculous that nobody got to use their current plan -- this nonexistent plan that I heard so many wonderful things about over the last three or four days. After that, I mean, it’s -- I don’t think you’re going to hear so much. Right now, the insurance companies are fleeing. It’s been a catastrophe. And this is a great plan. I actually think it will get even better. And this is, make no mistake, this is a repeal and replace of Obamacare. Make no mistake about it. Make no mistake. (Applause.)
And I think, most importantly, yes, premiums will be coming down. Yes, deductibles will be coming down. But very importantly, it’s a great plan. And ultimately, that’s what it’s all about.
We knew that wasn’t going to work. I predicted it a long time ago. I said, it’s failing. And now, it’s obvious that it’s failing. It’s dead. It’s essentially dead. If we don’t pay lots of ransom money over to the insurance companies it would die immediately.
So what we have is something very, very incredibly well-crafted. Tell you what, there is a lot of talent standing behind me. An unbelievable amount of talent, that I can tell you. I mean it. (Applause.) And coming from a different world and only being a politician for a short period of time -- how am I doing? Am I doing okay? I’m President. Hey, I’m President. Can you believe it? Right? (Applause.) I don’t know, it’s -- I thought you needed a little bit more time. They always told me, more time. But we didn’t.
But we have an amazing group of people standing behind me. They worked so hard and they worked so long. And when I said, let’s do this, let’s go out, just short little shots for each one of us and let’s say how good this plan is -- we don’t have to talk about this unbelievable victory -- wasn’t it unbelievable? So we don’t have to say it again. But it’s going to be an unbelievable victory, actually, when we get it through the Senate.
And there’s so much spirit there. But I said, let’s go out -- we have a little list of some of the people -- and I think after that list goes, if they don’t talk too long, our first list, we’re going to let some of the other folks just come up and say whatever you want.
But we want to brag about the plan, because this plan really -- uh oh. (Laughter.) Well, we may. (Laughter.) But we’re just going to talk a little bit about the plan, how good it is, some of the great features.
I want to thank Paul Ryan. (Applause.) He has worked so hard. I was joking, I said, you know, Paul, for the last week I’ve been hearing “Paul Ryan doesn’t have it. It’s not working with Paul Ryan. He’s going to get rid of Paul Ryan.” And then today I heard, “Paul Ryan is a genius, he’s come a long way.” (Laughter.) Right?
SPEAKER RYAN: I’ll take whatever.
THE PRESIDENT: The groups have all come together. We have the Tuesday Group -- we have so many groups. We have the Freedom Caucus. We have -- and they’re all great people. But we have a lot of groups. But they all came together. Really, Paul, I’d say in the last three, four days -- especially in the last day. I see Mark and I see Kevin, I see so many people -- Jim.
We just have developed a bond. This has really brought the Republican Party together, as much as we’ve come up with a really incredible healthcare plan. This has brought the Republican Party together. We’re going to get this finished, and then we’re going -- as you know we put our tax plan in, it’s a massive tax cut, the biggest tax cut in the history of our country. I used to say the biggest since Ronald Reagan. Now, it’s bigger than that. Also, pure tax reform. So we’re going to get that done next.
And this really helps it. A lot of people said, how come you kept pushing healthcare, knowing how tough it is? Don’t forget, Obamacare took 17 months. Hillary Clinton tried so hard -- really valiantly, in all fairness, to get healthcare through. Didn’t happen. We’ve really been doing this for eight weeks, if you think about it. And this is a real plan. This is a great plan. And we had no support from the other party.
So I just want to introduce somebody to say a few words who really has been I think treated very unfairly, but it no longer matters because we won and we’re going to finish it off. And we’re going to go on with a lot of other things, and we are going to have a tremendous four years and maybe, even more importantly, we’re going to have a tremendous eight years. But we’re going to start off with just a great first year.
And, Paul Ryan, come up and say a few words. Congratulations on a job well done. (Applause.)
END
3:26 P.M. EDT12:15 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Today I am pleased to welcome President Abbas to the White House for his first visit to Washington in quite a while.
Almost 24 years ago, it was on these grounds that President Abbas stood with a courageous peacemaker, then-Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin. Here at the White House, President Abbas signed a Declaration of Principles -- very important -- which laid the foundation for peace between the Israelis and Palestinians.
The President -- Mr. President, you signed your name to the first Israeli-Palestinian peace agreement. You remember that well, right? And I want to support you in being the Palestinian leader who signs his name to the final and most important peace agreement that brings safety, stability, and prosperity to both peoples and to the region.
I'm committed to working with Israel and the Palestinians to reach an agreement. But any agreement cannot be imposed by the United States, or by any other nation. The Palestinians and Israelis must work together to reach an agreement that allows both peoples to live, worship, and thrive and prosper in peace. And I will do whatever is necessary to facilitate the agreement -- to mediate, to arbitrate anything they'd like to do. But I would love to be a mediator or an arbitrator or a facilitator. And we will get this done.
Peace also means defeating ISIS and other terrorist groups. These groups are a threat to all people who cherish human life. I know President Abbas has spoken out against ISIS and other terrorist groups, and we must continue to build our partnership with the Palestinian security forces to counter and defeat terrorism.
I also applaud the Palestinian Authority's continued security coordination with Israel. They get along unbelievably well. I had meetings, and at these meetings I was actually very impressed and somewhat surprised at how well they get along. They work together beautifully. But there cannot be lasting peace unless the Palestinian leaders speak in a unified voice against incitement to violate -- and violence and hate. There's such hatred. But hopefully there won't be such hatred for very long. All children of God must be taught to value and respect human life, and condemn all of those who target the innocent.
As part of our efforts to move forward toward peace today, we will also discuss my administration's effort to help unlock the potential of the Palestinian people through new economic opportunities.
Lastly, I want to note the positive ongoing partnership between the United States and the Palestinians on a range of issues -- private sector development and job creation, regional security, counterterrorism, and the rule of law -- all of which are essential to moving forward toward peace.
I welcome President Abbas here today as a demonstration of that partnership, that very special partnership that we all need to make it all work. And I look forward to welcoming him back as a great marker of progress and, ultimately, toward the signing of a document with the Israelis and with Israel toward peace. We want to create peace between Israel and the Palestinians. We will get it done. We will be working so hard to get it done. It's been a long time, but we will be working diligently. And I think there's a very, very good chance, and I think you feel the same way.
Mr. President, thank you very much.
PRESIDENT ABBAS: (As interpreted.) Mr. President, Your Excellency, I would like to thank you for this honorable invitation to come and meet with you, and I look much forward to working with you in order to come to that deal, to that historic agreement, historic deal to bring about peace.
Mr. President, our strategic option, our strategic choice is to bring about peace based on the vision of the two-state -- a Palestinian state with its capital of East Jerusalem that lives in peace and stability with the state of Israel based on the borders of 1967.
Mr. President, for us to bring about a comprehensive and just peace based on the two-state solution, such matter would give a great impetus to the Arab peace initiative and the other initiatives, international initiatives -- as well as it enables to fight and deter terrorism, and fight the criminal ISIS group, ISIS -- that is totally innocent and has nothing to do with our noble religion. And that also, if we create peace that is just and comprehensive, that will also lead the Arab and the Islamic countries to have normal relations with Israel based, as stipulated in the previous Arab summits, the latest of which was the Arab summit in Jordan.
Mr. President, we believe that we are capable and able to bring about success to our efforts because, Mr. President, you have the determination and you have the desire to see it become to fruition and to become successful. And we, Mr. President, inshallah, God willing, we are coming into a new opportunity, a new horizon that would enable us to bring about peace in that regard.
Mr. President, as far as a permanent solution, we believe that this is possible and able to be resolved. I am firmly believing that this is possibly -- we are able to resolve it. And in that, I also believe that we will be able to resolve the issue of the refugees and the issue of the prisoners. According to the international law, according to the terms of international law, the international legitimacy, and the various relevant references and terms of reference in that regard, and based on what is stipulated in the previous treaties and agreements, that no unilateral steps must be taken to get ahead of the agreement and discussing those issues.
Mr. President, it’s about time for Israel to end its occupation of our people and of our land after 50 years. We are the only remaining people in the world that still live under occupation. We are aspiring and want to achieve our freedom, our dignity, and our right to self-determination. And we also want for Israel to recognize the Palestinian state just as the Palestinian people recognize the state of Israel.
Mr. President, I affirm to you that we are raising our youth, our children, our grandchildren on a culture of peace. And we are endeavoring to bring about security, freedom and peace for our children to live like the other children in the world, along with the Israeli children in peace, freedom and security.
Mr. President, I bring with me today the message of the suffering of my people, as well as their aspiration and hope -- the hopes and aspirations of the Palestinian people from the Holy Land, from that land where the three monotheist religions thrived, and the Jewish faith, the Christian faith and the Muslim faith, where they all coexist together to foster it in an environment of security, peace and stability, and love for all.
Mr. President, I believe that we are capable under your leadership and your stewardship to -- your courageous stewardship and your wisdom, as well as your great negotiating ability, I believe, with the grace of God and with all of your effort -- we believe that we can be partners, true partners, to you to bring about a historic peace treaty under your stewardship to bring about peace.
(In English.) Now, Mr. President, with you we have hope.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: So we’re going to start a process. We’ve spoken to Bibi Netanyahu. We’ve spoken to many of the great Israeli leaders. We’ve spoken with many of your great representatives. Many of them are here today for lunch with us. We’ll start a process which hopefully will lead to peace. Over the course of my lifetime, I’ve always heard that perhaps the toughest deal to make is the deal between the Israelis and the Palestinians. Let's see if we can prove them wrong. Okay?
PRESIDENT ABBAS: Okay.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Good. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.
END
12:30 P.M. EDT10:42 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: This is very exciting. So yesterday I said that our spending bill was a win for the American people, which is exactly what it was -- an amazing day. And this is what winning for young children and kids from all over the country looks like. The opportunity scholarship program that we’re funding allows families in the inner city of our nation’s capital to leave failing public schools and attend a private school, making an extraordinary difference in these incredible young lives. You’re so lucky. (Laughter.) Great. You’re happy about it? Huh? (Applause.) That’s great.
The results speak for themselves. Ninety-eight percent of scholarship recipients represent their high school diplomas, and they’re really very, very special. They go into tremendous successes. So I think you’re going to all be very, very successful. You have a big start, right? Great start.
This is a beautiful event, and I’m thrilled to be here. I congratulate the families in the audience. Our families are very proud of the children. Are you all proud of children, I hope? (Applause.) Anybody not proud? We’re very proud of you.
During my campaign for President, I promised to fight for school choice -- very important. It was featured in my Joint Address to Congress. And today, I’m calling on all lawmakers to work with us to help extend school choice to millions more children all across the United States of America, including millions of low-income Hispanic and African American children who deserve the same chance as every other child in America to live out their dreams and fill up their hearts and be educated at the top, top level. (Applause.)
Every child has the right to fulfill their potential, and, if we do our jobs, then we will never have to tell young, striving Americans to defer their dreams for another day or for another decade. We’re not going to do that.
I’m honored to be here. I’m so proud to be with these wonderful families and wonderful children. And I’m deeply excited for the amazing things that lie ahead for these truly inspiring young Americans right here in Washington, D.C. -- our capital.
And I will say that I’m very, very proud of all of you. You know, I wasn’t supposed to be here. It wasn’t on my schedule. When I heard what was going on with Betsy, who’s doing such a great job, I said, well, I’ll come in and I’ll interrupt Betsy, and maybe I’ll be allowed to say a few words. (Laughter.) But she’s a great woman and doing a fantastic job.
Congratulations to all of you and to your families. Congratulations, everybody. Congratulations. (Applause.) Thank you.
END
10:45 A.M. EDT11:52 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, everybody. I appreciate it. That’s some big people behind me. Big, strong, brilliant people. Please sit down.
I want to thank everybody for being here on this very special occasion. It’s an honor every single day to serve as your Commander-in-Chief to the incredible men and women of the United States Air Force -- very special, beautiful place. Very, very special. (Applause.)
I also want to welcome the acting Secretary of the Air Force, Lisa Disbrow, and Air Force Chief of Staff General David Goldfein. Thank you. (Applause.)
The Cadets here represent not only the future of our Air Force, but also the future of our country. Their skill, dedication, loyalty, and patriotism represent the very best of America.
Thanks especially to the Air Force Academy Superintendent, Lieutenant General Michelle Johnson, and for your outstanding stewardship. You have been truly outstanding, Michelle, and we appreciate it so much. Thank you. (Applause.)
Developing leaders, character -- I mean, so many things are developed at the Academy. It’s really an amazing, amazing job they do. And we all joined the very proud and distinguished heritage of the long, blue line. You know what that is, fellas, right? (Applause.) That’s a long, big, beautiful, blue line.
I would also like to welcome several members of Congress who are here today, including -- maybe just stand up for a second -- Doug Lamborn -- hi, Doug -- Ted Poe -- Ted, thank you, Ted -- Don Bacon -- hi, Don -- Doug Collins, and my friend, Martha McSally, who, by the way, I think can fly a plane maybe better than anybody up here. (Applause.) She’s the real deal -- right, Martha? She’s tough. She likes a certain plane, which I’m going to mention in a minute. She specifically likes a certain aircraft, right? Thank you very much. And how’s healthcare coming, folks? How’s it doing?
All right we’re moving along? All right. I think it’s time now, right? Right? They know it’s time. Thank you. Thank you for being here, folks.
We’re also pleased to be joined by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, David Shulkin, who’s doing an incredible job with the veterans. Thank you, David. Thank you, David. (Applause.)
Taking care of our veterans, for me -- and this has been one of my absolute highest priorities and the highest priority, just about, of the administration -- and David is working tirelessly to deliver the care our veterans so richly deserve. And it should have happened years ago, but it’s happening right now. So thank you very much, David. (Applause.)
Our Treasury Secretary, Steven Mnuchin, is here with us as well. Steven is determined to bring jobs and prosperity back to the United States, and he is really doing some very great service with a very complicated set of circumstances, and it’s working out well. So, Steven, thank you very much. (Applause.)
Finally -- and in this particular case, David and Steven and Congress folks -- we have to say this: We are truly and deeply proud to welcome the Falcons of the United States Air Force Academy to the White House, most importantly. (Applause.) Congratulations to you all.
Coach Calhoun, you and your team had quite a season. Like good Air Force guys, you flew under the radar to victory. You know, we’re buying a lot of those under-the-radar planes. In fact, you can fly over the radar -- you’re still not going to beat that plane. It cost a lot of money, I’ll tell you that. (Laughter.)
This week, our Republican team had its own victory under the radar. That is a very important thing for the men and women of the United States military. And it’s a very important thing for the people of our country. In our new budget -- and it’s been a very hotly contested budget because, as you know, we have to go through a long and rigorous process -- but we’ve ended years of painful cuts to our military and just achieved a $21 billion increase in defense spending. (Applause.) And we didn’t do any touting like the Democrats did, by the way.
Not only did we achieve this massive and badly needed increase in defense, but we did so without having to put in place an equal increase in nondefense spending, breaking the so-called parity rule that was breaking our budget and degrading our military, And that’s not happening anymore, that I can tell you with surety. So you’re going to have the money we need and the equipment we need. (Applause.)
There will never be a time, I will tell you this, when we will be spending more money -- we are doing the necessary money. We’re going to have the finest equipment of all types
-- whether it’s airplanes, or ships, or equipment in general -- that we’ve ever had in the history of our country. We are taking care of our military, and we’re not going to go back to what we were doing for the last long period of time. Our military is going to be taken care of. That I promise you. Thank you. Thank you, folks. (Applause.)
With this major investment in the America’s national defense -- a core campaign promise of mine -- we are at last reversing years of military cuts, and showing our determination and resolve to the entire world. And believe me, the entire world is watching, and we have resolved like never, ever before. These long-awaited increases will make America more safe and more secure, and give our amazing service members the tools, equipment, training, and resources they need and they very much deserve.
To top that, we achieved the single largest increase in border security funding in 10 years. So we have more money now for the border than we’ve gotten in 10 years. (Applause.) The Democrats didn’t tell you that. They forgot. In their notes, they forgot to tell you that. With enough money to make a down payment on the border wall -- I think they will go back and check their papers. This includes swiftly replacing ineffective and failing fencing and walls with an unbreakable barrier. So we’re putting up a lot of new walls in certain areas. We’re putting up a tremendous amount of money to fix the existing structures that we have, some of which we can keep into the future. They’re in good shape, but we have to bring them back to the highest level. We’ll be doing that with this payment.
And make no mistake, we are beginning to build the wall, and we will keep out the gang members, criminals, drug and human traffickers that threaten our citizens and that threaten security. (Applause.) Any member of Congress who opposes our plans on border security -- and I know these folks didn’t -- is only empowering these deadly and dangerous threats. And we will not put up with it, and the public won’t put up with it.
This bill also includes important healthcare resources for our great coal miners who have not been treated well, but now they’re being treated very well, and continues to make funding available so inner-city children here right in the nation’s capital can go to the school of their choice. (Applause.) Choice is so important.
After years of partisan bickering and gridlock, this bill is a clear win for the American people. We brought lawmakers together from both sides of the aisle to deliver a budget that funds the rebuilding of the United States military, makes historic investments in border security, and provides healthcare for our minors and school choice for our disadvantaged children. Very importantly, there is no long-term bailout for the insurance companies that the Democrats desperately wanted to subsidize -- donors -- the badly failing Obamacare.
Do you know what a donor is, fellas? You’ll learn when you get a little older. You’ll learn about donors. I used to be a donor. Used to get everything I wanted.
This is what winning looks like, something that you folks really know a lot about. What a record. The Falcons had 10 wins and only three losses, a tremendous achievement. And they played tough, tough teams. (Applause.) And they played some teams that were slightly larger, right, Coach?
COACH CALHOUN: Oh, yeah.
THE PRESIDENT: Slightly -- Coach is saying, boy, they’re big. But you beat them, right?
COACH CALHOUN: We did.
THE PRESIDENT: You beat them. He knows how to win. Just spoke to Bob Kraft of the New England Patriots, right, and he gave you a little pep talk. And he’s a big fan, too. But we know one thing. As good as this coach is, even he says he’s not replacing Belichick -- is that right? (Laughter.) But someplace else. You’re going to stay where you are. You better stay right where you are, Coach, right? (Laughter and applause.) Don’t let -- you better never leave us. He better never leave. (Laughter.)
And the Falcons -- not only that, finished very strong. You ended the season with six straight victories, including a win in the Arizona Bowl, which is a big deal. Who did you beat?
COACH CALHOUN: We beat South Alabama.
THE PRESIDENT: South Alabama. Good team, too. But we all know the games that you’re most proud of -- I shouldn’t say this, because I love these teams, too. Should I say it? (Laughter.) I thought they were great Americans, Coach.
COACH CALHOUN: They all are.
THE PRESIDENT: All right. The games they were -- they beat Navy -- good team. (Applause.) Do I have to give the score?
COACH: Yes!
THE PRESIDENT: Beat Navy 28-14. And you beat West Point 31-12. (Applause.) Does anybody feel guilty that you made me do that? No? (Laughter.)
It’s a great privilege for me for the first time to present you the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy, my first time. Established in 1972, the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy has been claimed by the Air Force Academy -- this is pretty hard to understand. You did go under the radar, Coach. It’s really an amazing thing. A record -- listen to this -- 20 times. You have the record. More than any other of the service academies. (Applause.) Pretty amazing.
As the United States Air Force celebrates its 70th birthday this year, this trophy will serve as a point of pride for the Academy’s cadets, graduates, and all of the members, past and present, of the United States Air Force that we love. (Applause.)
I love the Air Force. I love those planes. I love buying those planes at a reduced price. I have been really -- I have cut billions -- I have to tell you this, and they can check, right, Martha? I have cut billions and billions of dollars off plane contracts sitting here. Do they give me credit? No, but that’s okay. So we can either do one of two things -- we can buy more planes, or we can cut the budget. What do you want to do? She says buy more planes. I think you’re right. Nowadays I think you’re right.
As proud as we are of your achievements on the field, we are even more proud of you, and all of those who attend our service academies, in general, for your distinguished service on behalf of our great nation. Whenever an Air Force crew flies, you’ll always find a powerful symbol of American strength and American prestige.
From the A-10 “Wart-Hog” -- stand up, Martha. This is what she’d fly. She said, please, please, Mr. President, order more. You think that’s just a great plane, right? It does some pretty big damage, I know that. Okay, and we’re working on that, okay? She loves that plane -- to the F-16 “Viper” -- not as good? Not as good. (Laughter.) To the B-2 “Spirit” -- a little different, but still, no? Pretty good, though. Our proud aircraft and airmen fill our friends -- and you wouldn’t believe it -- with the level of confidence, and they really, truly strike fear into the hearts of our enemies. And I tell you, we have so many of those planes coming in. We have planes coming in from all different corners and all different sizes and speeds and with different capabilities. You’re going to be very proud of what we’re doing with the Air Force. Thank you. (Applause.) Thank you.
And wherever our space and cyber airmen operate world-class systems for modern warfare, the full might of America will be on display for all to see. With the new budget increases we have achieved in our spending bill, we’ll be able to purchase the greatest planes ever built, including the F-35 -- that is some plane -- and the next generation of military aircraft. We will maintain and expand our superiority in the air, and our ability to protect and project America’s vital security interests.
Just across the river, not far from the White House, stands a soaring tribute to the men and women of the United States Air Force. The three arching spires of the Air Force Memorial represent the core values of this noble branch of our Armed Forces: Integrity first; service before self; excellence in all you do.
For 70 years, the United States Air Force has embodied those principles. I know each of you will uphold these standards with devotion and dignity throughout your military career. And I know that each of you will continue to make your country proud.
They’re great people. I met everybody in the Oval Office. They actually said this is the first time you’ve been invited into the Oval Office, and actually the New England Patriots said that last week, that they were not invited in. But we invite them into the Oval Office. I think we should invite them into the Oval Office, right, don’t you think? (Applause.) But we’re very, very proud of you, Coach.
Together, the five branches of the United States Armed Forces -- Army, Navy, Marines, Air Force and Coast Guard -- are the greatest force for peace and justice the world has ever known. And believe me, getting stronger and stronger and stronger by the day. One of the reasons that I was elected, one of the reasons that I’m standing here is because people want their military to be strong -- not weak, but strong, really strong. (Applause.)
You keep us safe, you keep us strong, and you keep us free. Thank you all for your service, and congratulations again to the winners of the Commander in Chief’s Trophy, the great Air Force Falcons. Thank you. Congratulations. (Applause.)
With that, I’d like to invite Coach Troy Calhoun, a great coach -- loved by his players, by the way. I said, do you love him or do you dislike him? And, by the way, some coaches are pretty well disliked, but they’re good coaches, too. But I like this combination much better -- a great coach, Troy Calhoun. And congratulations, Coach. (Applause.)
COACH CALHOUN: Thank you. Appreciate it. Mr. President, we’re overwhelmed with the graciousness of you and your staff. This certainly has been an unbelievable trip for our young men and young women that have been able to come along. And we are so proud.
In only three weeks, under your command, they will become commissioned and second lieutenants in our United States Air Force. And what they will bring is courage, integrity, boldness. And, unquestionably, they’re champions, but more than anything else they’re absolute winners. So, ladies and gentlemen, the young men and young women of the United States Air Force Academy. (Applause.)
At this time, we have a couple of mementos we’d like to leave for the President. I will say this: Our Commander-in-Chief, you look at our roster, we never have anybody that’s ever worn jersey number one. Here in the last nine years, I think we’ve got a new tenant holder who -- to that spot. So, sir, I’m going to invite up Weston Steelhammer and Jacobi Owens, two our captains, to present a little gift to you. (Applause.)
(The gifts are presented.)
END
12:09 P.M. EDT12:01 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Wow, look at that. Oh boy, oh boy. They love Dodd-Frank, don’t they? They love it. (Laughter.) Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Very nice. Sit down, please. Beautiful hats. (Laughter.)
Well, thanks, Mike Pence. And Mike has been so great, and he’s on your side, believe me. He’s on everybody’s side.
It’s a pleasure to welcome the community bankers to the White House today. I want to, in particular, thank Cam Fine. Cam Fine. Stand up, Cam Fine. Pretty well-known guy, too, huh? (Applause.) Congratulations, Cam, for leading the Independent Community Bankers of America. And thank you for all being here today. Very, very special.
It’s also a very special place, isn’t it? When they say, how about coming to the White House, usually about 130 percent -- we try and find, who are the extras that are coming? We always have to be careful. But it’s a great place.
I also want to thank our Small Business Administrator, Linda McMahon. Where’s Linda? Is she around someplace? Linda McMahon. Yes, thank you. (Applause.) Thanks, Linda, for joining us today.
She’s doing an incredible job helping small businesses just like you. Some of you, I know you, you’re not that small. I hate to tell you, you’re not small. A lot of people would like to be small, right, Cam? They’d like to be small like these small business people. But they’re great people, employ a lot of people, and what they do through community development is amazing.
Community banks are the backbone of small business in America. Many of you are the reason that young families can purchase their first homes, farmers can buy their next tractor, and entrepreneurs can open up their first business, creating many, many new jobs in our country. So true -- community banks. Over half of the small business and loans going to small business -- and it’s really a substantial number higher than that -- come from their community banker. You provide critical access to capital, especially for the rural communities.
That’s why, in the first 100 days, I have taken action to roll back burdensome regulations that undermine community banks, especially -- I know you’re going to be very disappointed at this -- Dodd-Frank, right? (Applause.) No, it’s out of control.
And by the way, not only for community banks -- for banks period. We can take community out of that one, right? Now, Dodd-Frank, we’re working on that right now and you’ll see a very big difference, because you want to get out and make our country work properly.
I’ve directed my administration to provide regulatory reform and relief so that those rules don’t shut down community banks -- which have been shutting down -- and small businesses, and put them on a competitive disadvantage against the larger institutions. That’s what it’s done. It’s really made you and given you such a tremendous competitive disadvantage. I have friends that are community bankers, and they’ve gone through hell over the last long period of time. It’s really a much longer period of time than people would understand.
I’ve also directed Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin to review damaging Dodd-Frank regulations that encourage risky behavior from Wall Street. Everybody knows what that means. We’re also working to achieve tax reform and dramatically lower taxes on businesses and the middle class. We’re proposing one of the largest tax cuts in history, even larger than that of President Ronald Reagan. Our tax cut is bigger. (Applause.)
My administration is committed to working with each and every one of you to help Americans achieve their financial dreams so that -- look, we’re all here for the same thing. You know, we have a statement. It’s really -- I like it much better than even your hat -- it says, make America great again, and that’s what we all want, right? We want to all make it great again, and that’s what’s going to happen. (Applause.)
So, I want to thank you all for being here. Very special people. You do a very, very special job, and the community really understands it. I know community bankers are the most popular person in their community, and they’ve built communities, and they’ve really been so badly hurt over the last number of years.
So we’re going to change that. We’re going to change regulations. We’re going to give the incentives back, and you’re going to grow and thrive and prosper. And maybe even more importantly, you’re going to have businesses all over the country growing and thriving and prospering.
So I want to thank you for being here. It’s a great honor. And you will see things happening like you’ve never seen before. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
END
12:06 P.M. EDTAmes Companies, Inc.
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania
7:10 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, everybody, very much. I appreciate you being here today. Great people outside, you can see that. These are great, great Americans and unbelievable workers. Nobody has better than what we have.
And it's wonderful to be at Ames -- an incredible company with a rich, rich history and a long history. Centuries ago, before our country was even founded -- couldn’t believe that one -- this company produced the tools that helped to build our nation. Later, Ames Tools would be used at the Statue of Liberty, the Empire State Building, the Hoover Dam, just to name a few of the monuments within our country.
We believe in "Made in the USA," and it's coming back stronger and better and faster than even I thought. You can see that by our great, great workers throughout the plant, and plenty of other plants. But for a long time, our government has sacrificed American companies and workers to unfair foreign competition.
Today, I'm signing two orders to help keep jobs and wealth in our country. First, in fulfillment of a very, very important and major campaign promise I made not far from here last June, I'm directing the Secretary of Commerce, who's with us -- Wilbur, where's Wilbur? --
SECRETARY ROSS: Right here, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: -- Wilbur, a legend -- to identify every violation and abuse of our trade agreements, and to use every available measure under the law to end these abuses against our workers. (Applause.) And if they don’t get cleared up, Wilbur will end the trade agreements. Do you agree with that?
SECRETARY ROSS: Yes, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: Second, I'm establishing the Office of Trade and Manufacturing Policy within the White House. Its mission will be to defend American workers and companies from those who would steal our jobs and threaten our manufacturing base. (Applause.) Peter Navarro, one of the greats trying to protect our jobs. Right, Peter? Thank you, Peter. Appreciate it.
We're only 100 days in. It's been a lot of work, but we've loved it. We've loved doing it. You know, when you love something, it's really easy. And we love it. And we're helping people. We're helping our workers. And already we've created nearly 150,000 new manufacturing and construction jobs, and over 600,000 jobs have already been created. The National Manufacturers survey found the highest level of optimism in the history of a very, very old survey. It's been around for a long time. It just last week hit the highest point it's ever hit in the history of the survey. That means they're looking for action. And we love that.
We've taken unprecedented action to bring back American jobs, American wealth, and American dreams. And we are just getting started. So I want to thank Wilbur. (Applause.)
So this is addressing trade agreement violations and abuses. Very powerful. They're shouting back there because they know exactly what I'm saying. (Laughter.) They know better than anybody else, believe me.
(The executive order is signed.)
And this is the establishment of the Office of Trade and Manufacturing Policy right out of the White House. And it's going to have a huge impact on jobs.
(The executive order is signed.)
Wilbur, with your permission, I think what I'm going to do is give this pen to Peter Navarro. Is that okay?
SECRETARY ROSS: Sure. Surely, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: Peter, come on over here. (Applause.) Peter Navarro has fought against trade abuse for a long time. And, Peter, this is the first time you're seeing something happen -- all those decades you've been fighting.
MR. NAVARRO: It's been a great 100 days, and lots more to go.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Peter. Great job. Thank you, everybody. (Applause.)
END
7:15 P.M. EDTYour browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript:
My fellow Americans,
I truly believe that the first 100 days of my Administration has been just about the most successful in our country’s history.
Most importantly, we’re bringing back jobs. You asked the people of Michigan; you asked the people of Ohio; you can ask the people of Pennsylvania. See what’s happening. See the car companies come roaring back in. They don’t want to leave. They want to stay here. They want a piece of the action.
Our country is going up and it’s going up fast. Our companies are doing better – they just announced fantastic profits – all because of what’s happened in this rather short period of time. And that’s just the beginning. We’re putting in a massive tax cut for the middle class and for business. It’s going to have an enormous effect.
The massive Keystone Pipeline, the Dakota Pipeline – tens of thousands of jobs right there. And so many other businesses. We’re really proud of what we’re doing.
The F-35 fighter jet program – it was way over budget. I’ve saved 725 million dollars plus, just by getting involved in the negotiation. We’re cutting costs, and we’re going to have a truly competitive and great country again.
In just fourteen weeks, my administration has brought profound change to Washington.
The most fundamental change can be found in the relationship between the people and their government. For too long, politicians cared more about special interests than they did about a very successful future for all Americans. They took our taxpayers’ money, and sent their jobs and wealth to other countries.
Not anymore. From the first day of my administration, I have governed by a simple idea: My only allegiance is to you, our wonderful citizens.
Together we are seeing that great achievements are possible when we put American People first.
That is why I withdrew the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership. That day was a turning point for our nation. It put the countries of this world on notice that the sellout of the American worker was over.
In the following weeks, I took unprecedented actions to reverse Federal overreach and unleash job creation. We have slashed burdensome regulations, and imposed a policy that for each new regulation, two regulations must be erased from the books.
We’ve done it all while moving quickly to restore the most basic protection for all citizens, the rule of law. A truly great judge, Neil Gorsuch, now sits on the United States Supreme Court. Justice Gorsuch is deeply devoted to our Constitution. My Administration is the first in the modern political era to confirm a new Supreme Court Justice in the first 100 days – the last time it happened was 136 years ago in 1881.
Defending the rule of law is a priority, not just in the courts, but also on the streets and on the border. We’ve told the incredible police of our nation that they have our full support as they work to bring down violent crime rates. We’ve taken bold action to go after criminal cartels, and made it a top priority to prosecute anyone who targets law enforcement.
This has been the work of my administration – fighting for the American worker, defending the rule of law, and returning the power to the American people.
Since my inauguration, economic confidence has soared—reaching higher than any time in 9 years. Optimism among manufacturers is at a record high. And small business confidence has seen its largest increase in nearly four decades.
Perhaps the greatest change of all is the renewal of the American Spirit. As long as we have faith in each other, and trust in God, then the sun will always shine on our very Glorious Republic.
Thank you, God Bless You, and God Bless America.11:04 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Mike Pence -- a really wonderful guy, and my great friend, and a truly great Vice President. He will go down as a truly great Vice President.
Many thanks to Secretaries Wilbur Ross and Ryan Zinke. Very proud of the job they're doing.
We're also pleased to welcome many members of Congress and energy industry leaders to the White House. And I want to get them immediately back over there because I know they're going to be voting on lots of different things, right? So we can't spend too much time talking about drilling in the Arctic, right? But we're opening it up.
This is a great day for American workers and families, and today we're unleashing American energy and clearing the way for thousands and thousands of high-paying American energy jobs. Our country is blessed with incredible natural resources, including abundant offshore oil and natural gas reserves. But the federal government has kept 94 percent of these offshore areas closed for exploration and production. And when they say closed, they mean closed.
This deprives our country of potentially thousands and thousands of jobs and billions of dollars in wealth. I pledged to take action, and today I am keeping that promise.
This executive order starts the process of opening offshore areas to job-creating energy exploration. It reverses the previous administration’s Arctic leasing ban. So hear that: It reverses the previous administration’s Arctic leasing ban, and directs Secretary Zinke to allow responsible development of offshore areas that will bring revenue to our Treasury and jobs to our workers. (Applause.) In addition, Secretary Zinke will be reconsidering burdensome regulations that slow job creation.
Finally, this order will enable better scientific study of our offshore resources and research that has blocked everything from happening for far too long. You notice it doesn't get blocked for other nations. It only gets blocked for our nation.
Renewed offshore energy production will reduce the cost of energy, create countless good jobs, and make America more secure and far more energy independent. This action is another historic step toward future development and future -- with a future -- a real future. And I have to say that’s a real future with greater prosperity and security for all Americans, which is what we want.
So I’m very proud of the people standing behind me. I’m far less proud of the people standing in front of me. (Laughter.) The media. But I have to tell you that this is a very important day, and I want to congratulate Wilbur and Ryan and all of the people that have worked so hard to get this put together so quickly. And it’s going to lead to a lot of great wealth for our country and a lot of great jobs for our country.
So God bless America. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
(The executive order is signed.)
Q Mr. President, what's made this job harder than you thought?
THE PRESIDENT: We're moving awfully well. We're getting a lot of things done. I don’t think there's ever been anything like this. It's a false standard, 100 days, but I have to tell you, I don’t think anybody has done what we did over the 100 days. So we're very happy. (Applause.)
END
11:09 A.M. EDTGeorgia World Congress Center
Atlanta, Georgia
2:06 P.M. EDT
Thank you, Chris, for that kind introduction and for your tremendous work on behalf of our Second Amendment. Thank you very much. (Applause.) I want to also thank Wayne LaPierre for his unflinching leadership in the fight for freedom. Wayne, thank you very much. Great. (Applause.)
I'd also like to congratulate Karen Handel on her incredible fight in Georgia 6. (Applause.) The election takes place on June 20th. And, by the way, on primaries, let's not have 11 Republicans running for the same position, okay? (Laughter.) It's too nerve-shattering. She's totally for the NRA and she's totally for the Second Amendment. So get out and vote. She's running against someone who's going to raise your taxes to the sky, destroy your healthcare, and he's for open borders -- lots of crime, and he's not even able to vote in the district that he's running in. Other than that, I think he's doing a fantastic job, right? (Laughter.) So get out and vote for Karen.
Also, my friend -- he's become a friend, because there's nobody that does it like Lee Greenwood. Wow. (Applause.) Lee’s anthem is the perfect description of the renewed spirit sweeping across our country. And it really is, indeed, sweeping across our country. So, Lee, I know I speak for everyone in this arena when I say, we are all very proud indeed to be an American. Thank you very much, Lee. (Applause.)
No one was more proud to be American than the beloved patriot -- and you know who I'm talking about -- we remember on gatherings like today, your former five-term President, the late Charlton Heston. How good was Charlton? (Applause.) And I remember Charlton, he was out there fighting when maybe a lot of people didn’t want to be fighting. He was out there for a long time. He was a great guy.
And it's truly wonderful to be back in Atlanta, and back with my friends at the NRA. You are my friends, believe me. (Applause.) Perhaps some of you remember the last time we were all together. Remember that? We had a big crowd then, too. So we knew something was happening. But it was in the middle of a historic political year, and in the middle of a truly historic election. What fun that was -- November 8. Wasn’t that a great evening? Do you remember that evening? (Applause.) Remember that? (Applause.)
Remember they were saying, "We have breaking news: Donald Trump has won the state of Michigan." They go, "Michigan? How did that" -- "Donald Trump has won the state of Wisconsin, whoa." But earlier in the evening, remember, Florida, North Carolina, South Carolina, Pennsylvania, all the way up -- we ran up the East Coast. And, you know, the Republicans have a tremendous disadvantage in the Electoral College, you know that. Tremendous disadvantage. And to run the whole East Coast, and then you go with Iowa and Ohio, and all of the different states. It was a great evening, one that a lot people will never forget -- a lot of people. (Applause.) Not going to forget that evening.
And remember they said, “There is no path to 270.” For months I was hearing that. You know, they’re trying to suppress the vote. So they keep saying it, so people say, you know, I really like Trump, he loves the Second Amendment, he loves the NRA; I love him, but let’s go to the movie because he can’t win. Because they’re trying to suppress the vote.
But they’d say -- I mean, hundreds of times I heard, there is no -- there’s no route. They’d say it, “There is no route to 270.” And we ended up with 306. So they were right: Not 270, 306. (Applause.) That was some evening. Big sports fans said that was the single-most exciting event they’ve ever seen. That includes Super Bowls and World Series and boxing matches. That was an exciting evening for all of us, and it meant a lot.
Only one candidate in the General Election came to speak to you, and that candidate is now the President of the United States, standing before you again. (Applause.) I have a feeling that in the next election you’re going to be swamped with candidates, but you’re not going to be wasting your time. You’ll have plenty of those Democrats coming over and you’re going to say, no, sir, no thank you -- no, ma’am. Perhaps ma’am. It may be Pocahontas, remember that. (Laughter and applause.) And she is not big for the NRA, that I can tell you.
But you came through for me, and I am going to come through for you. (Applause.) I was proud to receive the NRA’s earliest endorsement in the history of the organization. And today, I am also proud to be the first sitting President to address the NRA Leadership Forum since our wonderful Ronald Reagan in 1983. (Applause.) And I want to thank each and every one of you not only for your help electing true friends of the Second Amendment, but for everything you do to defend our flag and our freedom.
With your activism, you helped to safeguard the freedoms of our soldiers who have bled and died for us on the battlefields. And I know we have many veterans in the audience today, and we want to give them a big, big beautiful round of applause. (Applause.)
And, like I promised, we are doing a really top job already -- 99 days -- but already with the Veterans Administration, people are seeing a big difference. We are working really hard at the VA, and you’re going to see it, and you’re already seeing it. And it’s my honor. I’ve been telling you we’re going to do it, and we’re doing it. (Applause.) Thank you.
The NRA protects in our capitols and legislative houses the freedoms that our servicemembers have won for us on those incredible battlefields. And it’s been a tough fight against those who would go so far as to ban private gun ownership entirely. But I am here to deliver you good news. And I can tell you that Wayne and Chris have been fighting with me long and hard to make sure that we were with you today, not somebody else with an empty podium. Because believe me, the podium would have been empty. They fought long and hard, and I think you folks cannot thank them enough. They were with us all the way, right from the beginning. (Applause.)
But we have news that you’ve been waiting for for a long time: The eight-year assault on your Second Amendment freedoms has come to a crashing end. (Applause.) You have a true friend and champion in the White House. No longer will federal agencies be coming after law-abiding gun owners. (Applause.) No longer will the government be trying to undermine your rights and your freedoms as Americans. Instead, we will work with you, by your side. We will work with the NRA to promote responsible gun ownership, to protect our wonderful hunters and their access to the very beautiful outdoors. You met my son -- I can tell you, both sons, they love the outdoors. Frankly, I think they love the outdoors more than they love, by a long shot, Fifth Avenue. But that’s okay. And we want to ensure you of the sacred right of self-defense for all of our citizens. (Applause.)
When I spoke to this forum last year, our nation was still mourning the loss of a giant, a great defender of the Constitution: Justice Antonin Scalia. (Applause.) I promised that if elected, I would nominate a justice who would be faithful and loyal to the Constitution. I even went one step further and publicly presented a list of 20 judges from which I would make my selection, and that’s exactly what we did.
And, by the way, I want to thank, really, Heritage. And I want to thank also all of the people that worked with us. Where’s Leo? Is Leo around here? Where is he? He’s got to be here. Where is he? He has been so good. And also from Heritage, Jim DeMint. It’s been amazing. I mean, those people have been fantastic. They’ve been real friends. (Applause.) The Federalist people -- where are they? Are they around here someplace? They really helped us out.
I kept my promise, and now, with your help, our brand-new Justice -- and he is really something very special -- Neil Gorsuch, sits on the bench of the United States Supreme Court. (Applause.) For the first time in the modern political era, we have confirmed a new justice in the first 100 days. (Applause.) The last time that happened was 136 years ago, in 1881. Now, we won’t get any credit for this, but don’t worry about it, the credit is in the audience, right? The credit is in the audience. (Applause.) All of those people. They won’t give us credit, but it’s been a long time, and we’re very honored.
We’ve also taken action to stand up for America’s sportsmen. On their very last full day in office, the previous administration issued an 11th-hour rule to restrict the use of lead ammunition on certain federal lands. Have you heard about that, folks? I’m shocked to hear that. You’ve all heard about that. You’ve heard about that. On his first day as Secretary of the Interior, Ryan Zinke eliminated the previous administration’s ammunition ban. (Applause.) He’s going to be great. Ryan is going to be great.
We’ve also moved very quickly to restore something gun owners care about very, very much. It’s called the rule of law. (Applause.) We have made clear that our administration will always stand with the incredible men and women of law enforcement. (Applause.) In fact, countless members of law enforcement are also members of the NRA, because our police know that responsible gun ownership saves lives, and that the right of self-defense is essential to public safety. Do we all agree with that? (Applause.)
Our police and sheriffs also know that when you ban guns, only the criminals will be armed. (Applause.) For too long, Washington has gone after law-abiding gun owners while making life easier for criminals, drug dealers, traffickers and gang members. MS-13 -- you know about MS-13? It’s not pleasant for them anymore, folks. It’s not pleasant for them anymore. That’s a bad group. (Applause.) Not pleasant for MS-13. Get them the hell out of here, right? Get them out. (Applause.)
We are protecting the freedoms of law-abiding Americans, and we are going after the criminal gangs and cartels that prey on our innocent citizens. And we are really going after them. (Applause.)
As members of the NRA know well, some of the most important decisions a President can make are appointments -- and I’ve appointed people who believe in law, order, and justice. (Applause.)
That is why I have selected as your Attorney General, number one, a really fine person, a really good man, a man who has spent his career fighting crime, supporting the police, and defending the Second Amendment. For the first time in a long time, you now have a pro-Second-Amendment, tough-on-crime Attorney General, and his name is Jeff Sessions. (Applause.)
And Attorney General Sessions is putting our priorities into action. He’s going after the drug dealers who are peddling their poison all over our streets and destroying our youth. He’s going after the gang members who threaten our children. And he’s fully enforcing our immigration laws in all 50 states. And you know what? It’s about time. (Applause.)
Heading up the effort to secure America’s borders is a great military general, a man of action: Homeland Security Director [sic], John Kelly. (Applause.)
Secretary Kelly, who used to be General Kelly, is following through on my pledge to protect the borders, remove criminal aliens, and stop the drugs from pouring into our country. We’ve already seen -- listen to this; it never happened before, people can't even believe it. And, by the way, we will build the wall no matter how low this number gets or how this goes. Don't even think about it. Don't even think about it. (Applause.)
You know, they're trying to use this number against us because we've done so unbelievably at the borders already. They're trying to use it against us. But you need that wall to stop the human trafficking, to stop the drugs, to stop the wrong people. You need the wall. But listen to this: We've already seen a 73 percent decrease -- never happened before -- in illegal immigration on the southern border since my election -- 73 percent. (Applause.)
You see what they're doing, right? So why do you need a wall? We need a wall.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Build the wall!
THE PRESIDENT: We’ll build the wall. Don't even think about it. Don't even think about it. Don't even think about it. That's an easy one. We're going to build the wall. We need the wall.
I said to General Kelly, how important is it? He said, very important. It’s that final element. We need the wall. And it’s a wall in certain areas. Obviously, where you have these massive physical structures you don't need, and we have certain big rivers and all. But we need a wall, and we're going to get that wall. (Applause.)
And the world is getting the message. They know that our border is no longer open to illegal immigration, and that if you try to break in, you’ll be caught and you’ll be returned to your home. You're not staying any longer. And if you keep coming back illegally after deportation, you will be arrested, prosecuted, and you will put behind bars. Otherwise it will never end. (Applause.)
Let’s also remember that immigration security is national security. We’ve seen the attacks from 9/11 to Boston to San Bernardino. Hundreds of individuals from other countries have been charged with terrorism-related offenses in the United States.
We spend billions and billions of dollars on security all over the world, but then we allow radical Islamic terrorists to enter right through our front door. That's not going to happen anymore. (Applause.) It’s time to get tough. It’s time we finally got smart. And yes, it’s also time to put America first. (Applause.)
And perhaps -- I see all of those beautiful red and white hats --- but we will never forget our favorite slogan of them all: Make America Great Again. All right? (Applause.)
Keeping our communities safe and protecting our freedoms also requires the cooperation of our state leaders. We have some incredible pro-Second Amendment governors here at the NRA conference, including Governor Scott of Florida. Where is Governor Scott? Great guy doing a great job. Governor Bryant of Mississippi. What a wonderful place. Governor Bryant is here. Thank you. Governor Deal of Georgia. (Applause.) And we're also joined by two people that -- well, one I loved right from the beginning; the other one I really liked, didn't like, and now like a lot again. (Laughter.) Does that make sense? Senator David Perdue -- he was from the beginning -- and Senator Ted Cruz -- like, dislike, like. (Applause.) Where are they? Good guys. Good guys. Smart cookies.
Each of these leaders knows that public officials must serve under the Constitution, not above it. We all took an oath to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States -- and that means defending the Second Amendment. (Applause.)
So let me make a simple promise to every one of the freedom-loving Americans in the audience today: As your President, I will never, ever infringe on the right of the people to keep and bear arms. Never ever. (Applause.) Freedom is not a gift from government. Freedom is a gift from God. (Applause.)
It was this conviction that stirred the heart of a great American patriot on that day, April, 242 years ago. It was the day that Paul Revere spread his Lexington alarm -- the famous warning that "the British are coming, the British are coming." Right? You've all heard that, right? The British are coming.
Now we have other people trying to come, but believe me, they're not going to be successful. That I can tell you. (Applause.) Nothing changes, right, folks? Nothing changes. They are not going to be successful. There will be serious hurt on them, not on us.
Next, came the shot heard around the world, and then a rag-tag army of God-fearing farmers, frontiersmen, shopkeepers, merchants that stood up to the most powerful army at that time on Earth. The most powerful army on Earth. But we sometimes forget what inspired those everyday farmers and workers in that great war for independence.
Many years after the war, a young man asked Captain Levi Preston, aged 91, why he’d fought alongside his neighbors at Concord. Was it the Stamp Act? Was it the Tea Tax? Was it a work of philosophy? "No," the old veteran replied. “Then why?” he was asked. “Young man,” the Captain said, “what we meant in going for those Redcoats was this: We always had governed ourselves, and we always meant to" govern ourselves. (Applause.)
Captain Preston’s words are a reminder of what this organization and my administration are all about: the right of a sovereign people to govern their own affairs, and govern them properly. (Applause.) We don’t want any longer to be ruled by the bureaucrats in Washington, or in any other country for that matter. In America, we are ruled by our citizens. We are ruled by each and every one of you.
But we can’t be complacent. These are dangerous times. These are horrible times for certain obvious reasons. But we’re going to make them great times again. Every day, we are up against those who would take away our freedoms, restrict our liberties, and even those who want to abolish the Second Amendment. We must be vigilant. And I know you are all up to the task.
Since the first generation of Americans stood strong at Concord, each generation to follow has answered the call to defend freedom in their time. That is why we are here today: To defend freedom for our children. To defend the liberty of all Americans. And to defend the right of a free and sovereign people to keep and bear arms.
I greatly appreciated your support on November 8th, in what will hopefully be one of the most important and positive elections for the United States of all time. And to the NRA, I can proudly say I will never, ever let you down.
Thank you. God Bless you. God Bless our Constitution, and God bless America. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
2:35 P.M. EDTDepartment of Veterans Affairs
Washington, D.C.
4:44 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. And, Mike, you’ve been so magnificent as our Vice President that we very much appreciate it. Thank you very much.
I’m pleased to be here. And we're joined by so many members of Congress. It's been really a fantastic period of time for me. And I'm honored also to be at the Department of Veterans Affairs, because I will tell you this has been something, right from the beginning of the campaign -- does not get any more important for me than making life really great for our phenomenal veterans. That I can say.
So we're sharing the stage with a lot of great people, a lot of great friends. A couple of my friends are out in the audience today -- Ike Perlmutter, Laurie Perlmutter. Where are they? Where are they? Where are they? These are incredible people, incredibly successful people. And they just have an affinity for helping the veterans and for helping David. And I want to thank them. Unbelievable. (Applause.) Thank you. Dr. Moskowitz, also. (Applause.)
And we're going to protect those who protect. And we're going to protect the people that are protecting us. First of all, Secretary Shulkin -- and I call him the 100-to-nothing man, because in a totally obstructionist group of Democrats -- we say that with affection -- (laughter) -- he got not only the Republicans but he got all of the Democrat votes. And he won at a 100-to-nothing clip. So I guess -- boy, do they know. I hope they’re right, you know. (Applause.)
But David is doing a phenomenal job. He was voted unanimously out of the United States Senate, and he’s worked ever since then, day and night, to reform and improve the VA.
I’m also pleased that we’re joined by so many members of Congress. We have with us Senators Ernst -- where’s Joni Ernst? Where is Joni? What a tremendous woman. And right from the beginning, she has been -- (applause) -- and she knows more about veterans than anybody. Thanks, Joni. Really appreciate it.
Senator Isakson -- thank you, Senator. Thank you very much. (Applause.) Senator Moran and Senator Tester. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, all. (Applause.) Along with Congressmen Arrington, Bergman, Bridenstine, Dent, Roe, and Wenstrup. I look forward to serving our veterans with all of you.
And I can tell you, this group, whether they’re Democrat or Republican, they’re here to help. And we're going to help, and we're going to make this so good, it's going to be one of our crown jewels. And it's happening already.
As part of that process, Secretary Shulkin has carried out a really thorough review -- he had some very inside understanding of the VA because he’s been here -- but a thorough review of the VA to uncover all of the problems and challenges that we inherited, of which there are so many. Based on those findings, we’re putting plans into place to fix those problems and give our veterans the healthcare they need and the healthcare they deserve.
And they were so for me during this recent election, and I can promise them, and they know it's going to happen -- we're not going to let them down. We have a team the likes of which has never, ever been assembled. That includes outside people who are so brilliant and so good -- like Ike and Laurie. And they’re helping us. And they don't fail.
Much work lies ahead, but we will not rest until this job is totally done. During these first 100 days -- which, as you know, I've been saying there’s a very extreme emphasis placed on these 100 days, Joni. It's not quite as big as they’re saying. But we have really laid a foundation -- had a lot of legislation passed, which nobody understands. I think it's 28 bills as of this moment. Somebody said, by the time it ends, it's 32 bills. And tremendous legislation. But we've already made huge strides to improve the VA and the VA services.
We’ve imposed new standards of accountability and transparency, including a new website that publishes wait times at every VA hospital. This is a website that works. This is not the $5 billion Obamacare website. Do we remember that? Nobody remembers that. Does anybody remember the $5 billion website? No, I don't think so. We don't have to remember it anymore.
We’ve implemented same-day mental health services at all 168 VA medical centers, so that the veterans in crisis can find help at the VA, without any delay.
Last week, I signed the Veterans Choice Improvement Act -- very proud of that -- so that more veterans can see the doctor of their choice, and don’t have to travel long distances or wait forever for VA care. They were waiting on lines for seven days, eight days, nine days, two weeks. Some instances were horrible. They we're waiting so long -- they had a very curable problem and they died before they got to see the doctor. It's not going to happen any longer.
Already this year, using the Choice Program, veterans have received 42 percent more approvals to see the doctor of their choosing. But that’s just the very beginning of what we have planned. So much more is coming.
Today, we’re taking another bold step forward. I’m signing an executive order to create an Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the Department of Veterans Affairs. (Applause.) This executive order makes it clear that we will never, ever tolerate substandard care for our great veterans. With the creation of this office, we are sending a strong message: Those who fail our veterans will be held, for the first time, accountable.
At the same time, we will reward and retain the many VA employees who do a fantastic job -- of which we have many. And I will tell you, some of the doctors in the VA, I've heard it from so many people, they’re the finest in the world. These are great, great people. We have to get our vets to those doctors. But we have some of the finest doctors in the world.
We have also some of the most honest employees, and some of them expose wrongdoing, and we will make sure that they’re protected.
We’re also calling on the Senate to pass legislation to give the Secretary the authority he needs to ensure all VA employees are held accountable for how they treat our veterans.
Today’s action is historic. But it is only the start of our reforms. Our veterans have secured this nation with their blood, sweat and tears, and we will not let them down. These are our great, great people. We will always stand with those who stood for freedom and who stood for us. They protected us. They’ve made it all possible, and now we're going to protect and take care of them. (Applause.)
So I'd like to thank David and his family, and all of the people that are working so hard at the VA. They haven't had enthusiasm -- David was just telling me -- like this for many, many years. And the veterans see what’s happening -- because I'm getting so many different messages through all forms of communication, of which we now have many. But they’re very, very happy, very pleased with what’s going on.
So, David, we want to God bless you and your family. We want to wish you a lot of luck, with a lot of talent, because you have a big job ahead.
I want to wish everybody Godspeed. And we will do a fantastic job at the VA, rest assured. Thank you very much. And we're going to sign right now. Thank you very much. (Applause.) Thank you.
(The executive order is signed.)
END
4:53 P.M. EDT11:32 A.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: First time in the Oval Office for the President and Mrs. Macri. And it's a great, great honor to have them here. He's been my friend for many years. We've known each other for long, prior to politics. And who would have thought this was going to happen --
PRESIDENT MACRI: Nobody.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: -- for both of us. But he is a great, wonderful person, and he will be a great President of Argentina, I have absolutely no doubt. Absolutely no doubt.
Q Mr. Trump, what do you want to achieve with our country, with Argentina?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We're just going to be great friends, better than ever before. And we're off to a wonderful start, because I've known Mauricio for so many years, and I know the kind of person he is. He's a great person and he's a great leader. He will do a fantastic job for Argentina. And I feel very comfortable backing him, because they need certain things from the United States. I feel very comfortable backing him because I know what I'm backing. I'm backing a man who loves his people and loves his country.
Q If he's such a good President, Mr. President, are you going to let the lemons -- the Argentine lemons in, in your country? They are very good. People will love you if you let them in.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I know about all the lemons. And believe it or not, the lemon business is a big, big business.
Q Just say yes! (Laughter.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: But we are going to give that very serious consideration. One of the reasons he's here is about lemons -- (laughter) -- and I'll tell him about North Korea, and he'll tell me about lemons. I think that we're going to be very favorably disposed. We're going to be talking.
Q What do you think about Venezuela, Mr. President?
THE PRESIDENT: Venezuela is a mess. Venezuela is a mess.
Q Mr. President, on renegotiating NAFTA, tell me how you came about the decision --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I was going to terminate NAFTA as of two or three days from now. The President of Mexico, who I have a very, very good relationship, called me, and also the Prime Minister of Canada, who I have a very good relationship. And I like both of these gentlemen very much. They called me and they said, rather than terminating NAFTA, could you please renegotiate? I like them very much. I respect their countries very much. The relationship is very special. And I said, I will hold on the termination; let's see if we can make it a fair deal. Because NAFTA has been a horrible deal for the United States. It's been very good for Canada, it's been very good for Mexico, but it's been horrible for the United States.
And if you check my campaign -- any of my speeches -- I said, I'll either renegotiate or I'll terminate. So they asked me to renegotiate -- I will. And I think we'll be successful in the renegotiation, which, frankly, would be good because it would be simpler. But we have to make a deal that's fair for the United States. They understand that. And so I decided rather than terminating NAFTA, which would be a pretty big shock to the system, we will renegotiate.
Now, if I'm unable to make a fair deal, if I'm unable to make a fair deal for the United States, meaning a fair deal for our workers and our companies, I will terminate NAFTA. But we're going to give renegotiation a good, strong shot.
Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you very much.
Q What about Venezuela, Mr. President? Mr. President, about Venezuela, what is your position?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I'm very sad for Venezuela. I'm very sad to see what's happened in Venezuela. Venezuela is a very sad situation.
END
11:36 A.M. EDT4:40 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Busy day, hasn’t it been? Busy, busy day. These are great people. We’re with great people right now.
So I want to thank you. It’s my pleasure to welcome so many extraordinary teachers to the White House. This is called the people’s house. I also want to congratulate the Council of Chief State School Officers on their 65th year recognizing America’s outstanding teachers. These are the greatest there are -- nobody better. So I want to congratulate you all. It’s amazing.
Each of you has dedicated yourself to inspiring young minds and to putting our children on a path to happiness and success
-- lots of success. There are 55 Teachers of the Year who are here with us from every state -- every state in the union, is that right? Every single state.
So let’s see, who’s from Alabama? Great state.
PARTICIPANT: We would love for you to come and visit us. (Laughter.)
PARTICIPANT: He’s coming to Maryland. It’s right next door.
THE PRESIDENT: Who’s from Indiana? Oh, wow, that’s fantastic. We have our Vice President. We have Karen Pence. So thank you very much.
Today, we honor one teacher in particular. She is the 2017 National Teacher of the Year, Sydney Chaffee. (Applause.) Sydney is a ninth grade humanities teacher at Codman Academy Charter School in Dorchester, Massachusetts -- nice place, by the way. Sydney is the first teacher from Massachusetts ever to win the award, and the first from a public charter school. That is really something special.
Sydney, I would like to congratulate you on this tremendous achievement. There is nothing more important than being a teacher, and certainly for being a great teacher. You’re all great, great teachers, and congratulations to all. (Applause.)
When you go home, I hope you all say that your trip to the White House was something very special. I know Melania has been working with you now for quite a while. She is a tremendous fan of wonderful teachers. But she’s worked very hard and we’re having some special times here. This is Melania’s birthday and you were very nice to sing happy birthday, even though we’re celebrating you.
So thank you all very much and God bless you all. And you go back and keep teaching those students because, like I said -- oh, look, and you’re crying --
PARTICIPANT: Sorry, I’m always crying! (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: I know, the Oval Office can do that. I have had some of the biggest executives in the world and they’ve been here many times. I said, have you ever been to the Oval Office, and they said no. I mean, I once had here like the biggest, from the biggest companies. And they walk into the Oval Office and they start crying. I said, I promise I won’t say to your various stockholders that you cried. (Laughter.) But I have seen people cry that you’d never believe. It’s a very special place, and it’s a special building. So thank you all very much. Thank you.
END
4:45 P.M. EDT2:41 P.M. EDT
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Well, good afternoon. It’s my great honor, on behalf of the President and the First Lady, to welcome you all to the White House. This is a distinguished group of American leaders, governors and members of Congress, and members of our Cabinet, and we’re grateful to have you all here.
You know, for nearly 100 days, President Trump has been delivering on the promises that he made to the American people. The President has been fighting for American jobs every single day since he was elected, putting renewed emphasis on American energy, cutting through a mountain range of red tape from the last administration. And today, the administration outlined the President’s vision for tax reform which will include one of the largest tax cuts for individuals and businesses in the history of this country. (Applause.)
Thanks to the President Trump’s leadership, more than 500,000 jobs have been created in 2017 alone. Businesses and consumers are more confident than they have been in years, and by some measure, for decades. It is truly extraordinary.
In a word, President Trump has simply been in the promise-keeping business since Inauguration Day. He signed 28 bills into law, the most of any President since 1947, and he’ll have signed some 30 executive orders in his first 100 days, including the action today.
And today the President is actually delivering on one more of his promises to the American people. Since day one, President Trump has been working tirelessly to uphold the Constitution and restore the proper balance between the states and the federal government. And that’s been especially true with the President’s focus on education.
Now as a former governor myself, I’ve always believed, as the President does, that education is a state and local function, and that decisions in education are best made by parents and teachers and local administrators. The decisions over our children’s school should be made by parents and local administrators, not by politicians or unelected bureaucrats in a far, distant capital.
The President believes the same thing, and the efforts that he will take today through this executive order will continue that process of empowering our families, empowering our states to ensure that every child in America has access to a world-class education.
And so with a grateful heart, I say, on behalf of the 45th President of the United States and on behalf of all those gathered here today, it is my high honor and distinct privilege to introduce to you the President of the United States, President Donald Trump. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much, Vice President Pence, who has done an absolutely outstanding job as Vice President. We very much appreciate it.
And I want to thank also Education Secretary Betsy DeVos for spearheading out effort to restore state and local control of our schools. Thank you very much, Betsy. With her help, we are empowering those who know our students best -- I would say, by far, the best, right, Betsy? -- their parents and the teachers, so that every child has the chance to succeed.
In fact, we’re proud to have some of those wonderful teachers here with us today, and we’d like to welcome all of them to the White House. It’s a great honor. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much.
I also want to thank members of Congress, local leaders, and governors for joining us here today, including Governor Ivey of Alabama, a new and great governor. You will be fantastic. I’ve been hearing about you for years in the positive way, so I’m not surprised that you’re governor of Alabama. Congratulations. Tremendous.
Governor Branstad, who is soon going to be heading out, I suspect, to a place called China. They love him, I will tell you. They really love the soon-to-be ambassador, but he also loves China. So it was a good combination. I was very happy to put it together. They’re looking forward to seeing you. Very much so. Thank you. Thank you, Governor. (Applause.)
Governor LePage of Maine, Governor Sandoval of Nevada, Governor Herbert of Utah, Governor Mead of Wyoming -- we want to thank you all and everyone else for being with us. It’s really an honor to have you in White House.
For too long, the federal government has imposed its will on state and local governments. The result has been education that spends more and achieves far, far, far less. My administration has been working to reverse this federal power grab and give power back to families, cities, states. Give power back to localities.
Before this administration, only one time in our nation’s history had a President signed a bill that used the Congressional Review Act to cancel a federal regulation. In less than 100 days, I have signed 13 bills such congressional resolutions to cancel federal regulations and give power back to the people, and I’m very honored to have done so. (Applause.) That’s true. As you said, five have come from your committee, that’s exactly right. Good job. I think she’s done a good job. (Applause.)
I’ve also signed over a dozen executive actions that reverse federal intrusion and empower local communities.
The executive order I’m signing today is another critical step to restoring local control, which is so important. This executive order directs Secretary DeVos to review current federal regulations and ensure that they don’t obstruct the ability of states, local governments, teachers, and most importantly, parents, to make the best decisions for their students and, in many cases, for their children.
Previous administrations have wrongfully forced states and schools to comply with federal whims and dictate what our kids are taught. But we know that local communities do it best and know it best. The time has come to empower parents and teachers to make the decisions that help their students achieve success. That’s what this executive order is all about. So important.
Thomas Jefferson put it best when he said, “I believe the states can best govern our home concerns.” With this executive order and the many actions we have taken in less than 100 days, we are providing our states and communities with control over the matters that are most important to them. Together we are going to fight to give our children the bright and beautiful future they deserve. (Applause.)
So I want to thank you all. As you know, I’m heading over to a Senate meeting. It’s a very important meeting. So I’ll be leaving now, but I just wanted to introduce our really exceptional Education Secretary. She’s caught on -- you wouldn’t believe it, all of the great things I’m hearing about you, Betsy. I’m very proud. So, Secretary Betsy DeVos. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
Q Mr. President, would you want to see a healthcare vote by the end of this week? Would you like to see that, sir?
THE PRESIDENT: Always.
SECRETARY DEVOS: So it has been all of our experience, that those closest to the problem are best equipped to solve it. That means empowering parents, teachers, state and local leaders -- not the federal government. Time and time again, we’ve seen that one-size-fits-all policies and mandates from Washington simply don’t work. We can’t have a cookie-cutter approach to education. Each state and each school have different challenges, and each individual student has unique needs.
Our solutions should be as varied as the students we serve. The Every Student Succeeds Act was a good step in this direction, giving flexibility to states to best meet the needs of their communities. We’re going to implement this law as Congress intended, not how the previous administration dictated. When we give decision-making power back to states and communities, students benefit. This executive order puts us on that track.
So I thank the President for signing this executive order, and for his commitment to an education policy that puts students first. It’s my honor now to introduce the governor of the great state of Nevada, Brian Sandoval. (Applause.)
GOVERNOR SANDOVAL: Thank you Madam Secretary and Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Oh, it’s going to be a short speech because I -- I just felt I had to stay here. (Laughter.)
GOVERNOR SANDOVAL: It just got shorter, Mr. President. (Laughter.)
Mr. Vice President, members of Congress, my fellow governors, representatives, teachers, educators, it really is a privilege and honor to be with you all today. You know, in my home state of Nevada, I often say that what happens in our schools today will determine the future of our great state. And Mr. President, I know that your action today will empower every state to improve our delivery of education. Most importantly, it will allow governors across the nation to ensure that all states serve all students from all backgrounds.
Now, as the incoming chair of the National Governors Association, I know that the governors will collectively continue to act as the national voice on federalism. And as the leaders of education in our states, we look forward to working with this administration to ensure our role is reflected in federal policy.
Now, over time, the Department of Education’s obligations have grown beyond its initial charge, and many well-intended act resulted in states feeling more and more constrained by federal rules. Today, Mr. President, you’re signing of this executive order will place the states back in the driver’s seat. Thank you, sir. (Applause.)
So, Mr. President, again, I’m going skip a page -- (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: Education for North Korea. (Laughter.)
I like education.
GOVERNOR SANDOVAL: This is even better than I hoped for, Mr. President. The Every Student Succeeds Act embodies the vision you have for education and the limited role of the federal government.
Mr. President, you have changed the game for the better in the United States, and for that I thank you for your leadership. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: This is a good one, right -- on federal control of education. Doesn’t get better than that, right?
(The President signs the executive order.)
Q Mr. President, can you say to the American people that your tax plan will not blow a hole in the deficit?
THE PRESIDENT: Great plan. It will put people back to work.
END
2:54 P.M. EDTThe Department of the Interior
Washington, D.C.
11:34 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Mike. He’s been a great Vice President, a great help. And everybody loves Mike Pence. I just want to thank you for your service. Been incredible. (Applause.)
It’s a real pleasure to be at the Department of Interior, where you help preserve the splendor and the beauty of America’s natural resources. And I can tell you the group that's in here right now, they really do the job. Right, Lisa? They’re doing a good job. We're going to take care of Alaska, too. Don't worry about it. (Laughter.) And they protect the ability of the people to access and utilize the land which truly belongs to them and belongs to all of us.
Secretary Ryan Zinke is doing an incredible job -- and he never overlooks the details. He’s a detail person. Soon after he was confirmed, we had a snowstorm, big one, and he was out there on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial shoveling the snow all by himself. And he’s a strong guy. He did a good job. (Laughter.) He did a very, very good job. But we're proud of him.
In the first 100 days, we have taken historic action to eliminate wasteful regulations. They're being eliminated like nobody has ever seen before. There has never been anything like it. Sometimes I look at some of the things I’m signing I say maybe people won’t like it, but I’m doing the right thing. And no regular politician is going do it. (Laughter.) I don't know if you folks would do -- I will tell you literally some politicians have said, you're doing the right thing. I don't know if I would have had the courage to do some of these things. But we're doing them because it’s the right thing to do. And it’s for the good of the nation.
We're returning power back to the people. We’ve eliminated job-destroying regulations on farmers, ranchers, and coal miners, on autoworkers, and so many other American workers and businesses.
Today, I am signing a new executive order to end another egregious abuse of federal power, and to give that power back to the states and to the people, where it belongs.
The previous administration used a 100-year-old law known as the Antiquities Act to unilaterally put millions of acres of land and water under strict federal control -- have you heard about that? -- eliminating the ability of the people who actually live in those states to decide how best to use that land.
Today, we are putting the states back in charge. It’s a big thing.
I am pleased to be joined by so many members of Congress and governors who have been waiting for this moment, including Governor Herbert of Utah. Thank you, thank you, Governor. Governor LePage of Maine, who, by the way, has lost a lot of weight. (Laughter.) I knew him when he was heavy, and now I know him when he’s thin, and I like him both ways, okay? (Laughter.) Done a great job. Governor Calvo of Guam. Thank you. Governor Torres from the Northern Mariana Islands. Thank you, thank you, Governor.
I also want to recognize Senator Orrin Hatch, who -- believe me, he’s tough. He would call me and call me and say, you got to do this. Is that right, Orrin?
SENATOR HATCH: That's right.
THE PRESIDENT: You didn't stop. He doesn't give up. And he’s shocked that I’m doing it, but I’m doing it because it’s the right thing to do. But I really have to point you out, you didn't stop.
And, Mike, the same thing. So many people feel -- Mike Lee -- so many people feel so strongly about this, and so I appreciate your support and your prodding, and your never-ending prodding, I should say, because we're now getting something done that many people thought would never ever get done, and I’m very proud to be doing it in honor of you guys, okay? Thank you. (Applause.)
Altogether, the previous administration bypassed the states to place over 265 million acres -- that's a lot of land, million acres. Think of it -- 265 million acres of land and water under federal control through the abuse of the monuments designation. That’s larger than the entire state of Texas.
In December of last year alone, the federal government asserted this power over 1.35 million acres of land in Utah, known as Bears Ears -- I’ve heard a lot about Bears Ears, and I hear it’s beautiful -- over the profound objections of the citizens of Utah. The Antiquities Act does not give the federal government unlimited power to lock up millions of acres of land and water, and it’s time we ended this abusive practice.
I’ve spoken with many state and local leaders -- a number of them here today -- who care very much about preserving our land, and who are gravely concerned about this massive federal land grab. And it’s gotten worse and worse and worse, and now we're going to free it up, which is what should have happened in the first place. This should never have happened.
That’s why today I am signing this order and directing Secretary Zinke to end these abuses and return control to the people -- the people of Utah, the people of all of the states, the people of the United States.
Every day, we are going to continue pushing ahead with our reform agenda to put the American people back in charge of their government and their lives.
And again, I want to congratulate the Secretary. I want to congratulate Orrin and Mike and all of the people that worked so hard on bringing it to this point. And tremendously positive things are going to happen on that incredible land, the likes of which there is nothing more beautiful anywhere in the world. But now tremendously positive things will happen.
So I want to thank you. I want to thank everybody for being here. God bless you all and God bless America. Thank you. Thank you very much. So I’ll sign.
(The executive order is signed.) (Applause.)
Q Are you surprised about this 9th Circuit ruling?
THE PRESIDENT: I’m never surprised by the 9th Circuit. (Laughter.) As I said, we’ll see them in the Supreme Court. (Laughter and applause.)
END
11:42 A.M. EDTRoosevelt Room
3:14 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Busy day. They had a very busy day -- had a good day. We’re doing well, very well. Things are turning around. I know they’re turning around for you folks, so I just want to welcome you very much to the White House -- special place -- America’s farmers and ranchers.
I especially want to congratulate Secretary -- now I can say, Secretary Sonny Perdue, who was just sworn in as the Secretary of Agriculture -- (applause) -- sworn in by Justice Thomas. And it was a beautiful ceremony, and we’re going to celebrate a little bit later, and that’s great. We’re very happy. And you had a good vote too.
SECRETARY PERDUE: Yes, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: You didn’t have one of those 51-49 votes. (Laughter.) He had a very big vote, so thank Justice Thomas too -- great man, great person. We appreciate it.
America’s noble farming tradition stretches back to its earliest days. Farmers led the way across the Great Plains, and put down roots from coast to coast. Today, America’s farmers feed not only our nation, but millions of people around the world, and we’re going to open that up much more for you folks because, as you know, it’s not totally open, to put it mildly. We learned that yesterday, frankly, with Canada, where the dairy farmers up in Wisconsin, Upstate New York, different places -- a lot of border states in particular -- are not able to sell their dairy products into Canada. And this has been going on for a while, and we’re not going to put up with it.
And separately, we put a very big tax -- we will be putting a very big tariff on lumber -- timber -- coming into this country. People don’t realize Canada has been very rough on the United States. Everyone thinks of Canada as being wonderful, and so do I. I love Canada. But they’ve outsmarted our politicians for many years, and you people understand that. So we did institute a very big tariff; we announced it yesterday. And we’re going to take care of our dairy farmers in Wisconsin, and Upstate New York, and lots of other places. So I think you people all probably agree with that, right? Would you agree with that? You better believe it.
Our farmers deserve a government that serves their interest and empowers them to do the hard work that they love to do so much. And that’s what today’s executive order is all about. With this order, I’m directing Secretary Perdue to work with other members of my Cabinet to identify and eliminate unnecessary regulations that hurt our nation’s farmers and rural communities.
Now, Sonny, I’ve already signed a lot of regulations and terminations that really help the farmer a lot. You know what I’m talking about. But we have some left, and you’ll identify them. But we’ve really gotten rid of some of the biggest ones. And that was a big help, right? I mean, they won’t tell you about it, but they’re big numbers, and it’s going to mean a lot to the farmers.
This order also establishes the Interagency Task Force on Agriculture and Rural Prosperity, to be led by Secretary Perdue. I just want to tell you that it’s an honor to be with you because, among many other things, with this order, we continue a very relentless effort to make life better for hardworking Americans, and that includes the farmers and all of the people gathered around this table, including our ranchers, our rural community folks. We’re having a very, very big impact. It’s already started. Sonny is going to now identify additional areas where we can get rid of unnecessary regulations, and you people are going to be so prosperous, and you’re going to hire so many more people than currently work for you, and that’s going to make me very happy, okay?
So I want to thank you very much. So do we have the executive order, please?
So this is promoting agriculture and rural prosperity in America. And, now, there’s a lot of words I won’t bother reading everything. But agriculture and rural prosperity in America, that’s what we want. And we don’t want to be taken advantage of by other countries -- and that’s stopping, and that’s stopping fast. Okay, thank you.
(The President signs the executive order.)
Well, perhaps I should give this pen to Sonny Perdue. What do you think? (Laughter and applause.)
Thank you very much, everybody.
Q Mr. President, do you fear a trade war with Canada, sir?
THE PRESIDENT: No, not at all.
Q Why not?
THE PRESIDENT: They have a tremendous surplus with the United States. Whenever they have a surplus, I have no fear. By the way, virtually every country has a surplus with the United States. We have massive trade deficits. So when we’re the country with the deficits, we have no fear.
Q Will you sign a CR if it doesn’t include funding for the wall?
THE PRESIDENT: Say it?
Q Will you sign a CR to continue funding the government if it doesn’t include --
THE PRESIDENT: The wall is going to get built, by the way. Just in case anybody has any question: The wall is going to get built, and the wall is going to stop drugs, and it’s going to stop a lot of people from coming in that shouldn’t be here, and it’s going to have a huge effect on human trafficking, which is a tremendous problem in this world -- a problem that nobody talks about -- but it’s a problem that’s probably worse than any time in the history of this world. Human trafficking, what’s going on.
The wall is going to get built, and we’re setting record numbers in terms of stopping people from coming in, and stopping drugs from coming in. You see the numbers down 73, 74 percent. I will say, Secretary Kelly -- formerly General Kelly -- is doing an incredible job. And I was just with him a little while ago, and he said we definitely, desperately need the wall. And we’re going to have the wall built. I mean, I don't know why people are talking. I watch these shows, and the pundits in the morning -- they don’t know what they’re talking about. The wall gets built -- 100 percent. Thank you very much.
Q When will the wall get built?
THE PRESIDENT: Soon. We’re already preparing. We’re doing plans. We’re doing specifications. We’re doing a lot of work on the wall, and the wall gets built. The wall is very, very important.
Q In your first term?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, it’s certainly going to -- yeah, yeah, sure.
Q In your first term?
THE PRESIDENT: We have plenty of time -- got a lot of time.
Thank you.
END
3:21 P.M. EDTUnited States Capitol
Washington, D.C.
11:30 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Thank you. Friends, members of Congress, ambassadors, veterans, and, most especially, to the survivors here with us today, it’s an honor to join you on this very, very solemn occasion. I am deeply moved to stand before those who survived history’s darkest hour. Your cherished presence transforms this place into a sacred gathering.
Thank you, Tom Bernstein, Alan Holt, Sara Bloomfield, and everyone at the Holocaust Memorial Council and Museum for your vital work and tireless contributions.
We are privileged to be joined by Israel’s Ambassador to the United States, friend of mine -- he’s done a great job and said some wonderful words -- Ron Dermer. The State of Israel is an eternal monument to the undying strength of the Jewish people. The fervent dream that burned in the hearts of the oppressed is now filled with the breath of life, and the Star of David waves atop a great nation arisen from the desert.
To those in the audience who have served America in uniform, our country eternally thanks you. We are proud and grateful to be joined today by veterans of the Second World War who liberated survivors from the camps. Your sacrifice helped save freedom for the world -- for the entire world. (Applause.)
Sadly, this year marks the first Day of Remembrance since the passing of Elie Wiesel, a great person, a great man. His absence leaves an empty space in our hearts, but his spirit fills this room. It is the kind of gentle spirit of an angel who lived through hell, and whose courage still lights the path from darkness. Though Elie’s story is well known by so many people, it’s always worth repeating. He suffered the unthinkable horrors of the Holocaust. His mother and sister perished in Auschwitz. He watched his father slowly dying before his own young eyes in Buchenwald. He lived through an endless nightmare of murder and death, and he inscribed on our collective conscience the duty we have to remember that long, dark night so as never to again repeat it.
The survivors in this hall, through their testimony, fulfill the righteous duty to never forget, and engrave into the world’s memory the Nazi genocide of the Jewish people. You witnessed evil, and what you saw is beyond description, beyond any description. Many of you lost your entire family, everything and everyone you loved, gone. You saw mothers and children led to mass slaughter. You saw the starvation and the torture. You saw the organized attempt at the extermination of an entire people -- and great people, I must add. You survived the ghettos, the concentration camps and the death camps. And you persevered to tell your stories. You tell of these living nightmares because, despite your great pain, you believe in Elie’s famous plea, that “For the dead and the living, we must bear witness.”
That is why we are here today -- to remember and to bear witness. To make sure that humanity never, ever forgets.
The Nazis massacred 6 million Jews. Two out of every three Jews in Europe were murdered in the genocide. Millions more innocent people were imprisoned and executed by the Nazis without mercy, without even a sign of mercy.
Yet, even today, there are those who want to forget the past. Worse still, there are even those filled with such hate, total hate, that they want to erase the Holocaust from history. Those who deny the Holocaust are an accomplice to this horrible evil. And we’ll never be silent -- we just won’t -- we will never, ever be silent in the face of evil again. (Applause.)
Denying the Holocaust is only one of many forms of dangerous anti-Semitism that continues all around the world. We’ve seen anti-Semitism on university campuses, in the public square, and in threats against Jewish citizens. Even worse, it’s been on display in the most sinister manner when terrorists attack Jewish communities, or when aggressors threaten Israel with total and complete destruction.
This is my pledge to you: We will confront anti-Semitism (Applause.) We will stamp out prejudice. We will condemn hatred. We will bear witness. And we will act. As President of the United States, I will always stand with the Jewish people -- and I will always stand with our great friend and partner, the State of Israel.
So today, we remember the 6 million Jewish men, women and children whose lives and dreams were stolen from this Earth.
We remember the millions of other innocent victims the Nazis so brutally targeted and so brutally killed. We remember the survivors who bore more than we can imagine. We remember the hatred and evil that sought to extinguish human life, dignity, and freedom.
But we also remember the light that shone through the darkness. We remember sisters and brothers who gave everything to those they loved -- survivors like Steven Springfield, who, in the long death march, carried his brother on his back. As he said, “I just couldn’t give in.”
We remember the brave souls who banded together to save the lives of their neighbors -- even at the risk of their own life. And we remember those first hopeful moments of liberation, when at long last the American soldiers arrived in camps and cities throughout occupied Europe, waving the same beautiful flags before us today, speaking those three glorious words: “You are free.”
It is this love of freedom, this embrace of human dignity, this call to courage in the face of evil that the survivors here today have helped to write onto our hearts. The Jewish people have endured oppression, persecution, and those who have sought and planned their destruction. Yet, through the suffering, they have persevered. They have thrived. And they have enlightened the world. We stand in awe of the unbreakable spirit of the Jewish people.
I want to close with a story enshrined in the Museum that captures the moment of liberation in the final days of the war.
It is the story of Gerda Klein, a young Jewish woman from Poland. Some of you know her. Gerda’s family was murdered by the Nazis. She spent three years imprisoned in labor camps, and the last four months of the war on a terrible death march. She assumed it was over. At the end, on the eve of her 21st birthday, her hair had lost all of its color, and she weighed a mere 68 pounds. Yet she had the will to live another day. It was tough.
Gerda later recalled the moment she realized that her long-awaited deliverance had arrived. She saw a car coming towards her. Many cars had driven up before, but this one was different. On its hood, in place of that wretched swastika, was a bright, beautiful, gleaming white star. Two American soldiers got out. One walked up to her. The first thing Gerda said was what she had been trained to say: “We are Jewish, you know.” “We are Jewish.” And then he said, “So am I.” It was a beautiful moment after so much darkness, after so much evil.
As Gerda took this solider to see the other prisoners, the American did something she had long forgotten to even expect -- he opened the door for her. In Gerda’s words, “that was the moment of restoration of humanity, of humanness, of dignity, and of freedom.”
But the story does not end there. Because, as some of you know, that young American soldier who liberated her and who showed her such decency would soon become her husband. A year later, they were married. In her words, “He opened not only the door for me, but the door to my life and to my future.”
Gerda has since spent her life telling the world of what she witnessed. She, like those survivors who are among us today, has dedicated her life to shining a light of hope through the dark of night.
Your courage strengthens us. Your voices inspire us. And your stories remind us that we must never, ever shrink away from telling the truth about evil in our time. Evil is always seeking to wage war against the innocent and to destroy all that is good and beautiful about our common humanity. But evil can only thrive in darkness. And what you have brought us today is so much more powerful than evil. You have brought us hope -- hope that love will conquer hatred, that right will defeat wrong, and that peace will rise from the ashes of war.
Each survivor here today is a beacon of light, and it only takes one light to illuminate even the darkest space. Just like it takes only one truth to crush a thousand lies and one hero to change the course of history. We know that in the end, good will triumph over evil, and that as long as we refuse to close our eyes or to silence our voices, we know that justice will ultimately prevail.
So today we mourn. We remember. We pray. And we pledge: Never again.
Thank you. God bless you, and God bless America. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
11:45 A.M. EDT11:50 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: This is a very, very important and powerful group of people, and it’s really wonderful to have you with us. And I have to say, welcome to the White House. It’s a privilege to have all of the ambassadors and their spouses. You know, they were going to leave out the spouses, and I said, you must bring your spouses. (Laughter.) You know, I heard there were a lot of very angry spouses -- (laughter) -- and this is their first time to the White House. So it’s a great honor to those of you that brought your wife or spouse.
As you know, the United States holds the presidency of the Security Council this month, and I’m glad that we are continuing the tradition of hosting the Council’s ambassadors in our nation’s capital. It’s our great honor, believe me.
I want to thank Ambassador Nikki Haley for her outstanding leadership, and for acting as my personal envoy on the Security Council. She’s doing a good job. Now, does everybody like Nikki? Because if you don’t -- (laughter) -- otherwise, she can easily be replaced. (Laughter.) No, we won’t do that, I promise. We won’t do that. She’s doing a fantastic job. And everyone, I see -- even as we took pictures before -- the friendship that you’ve developed, all of you together. That’s really a fantastic thing.
The mission of the United Nations and the U.N. Security Council is to maintain international peace and security. These are important aims and shared interests. But as we look around the world, it’s clear that there is much work for you to achieve. You’re going to be very busy people, I suspect, over these coming months and years.
Our nation faces serious and growing threats, and many of them stem from problems that have been unaddressed for far too long. In fact, the United Nations doesn’t like taking on certain problems. But I have a feeling that people in this room -- and I know for a fact that Nikki feels very, very strongly about taking on problems that really people steered away from.
I encourage the Security Council to come together and take action to counter all of these many threats. On Syria, the Council failed again this month to respond to Syria’s use of chemical weapons. A great disappointment; I was very disappointed by that.
The status quo in North Korea is also unacceptable, and the Council must be prepared to impose additional and stronger sanctions on North Korean nuclear and ballistic missile programs. This is a real threat to the world, whether we want to talk about it or not. North Korea is a big world problem, and it’s a problem we have to finally solve. People have put blindfolds on for decades, and now it’s time to solve the problem.
For the United Nations to play an effective role in solving these and other security challenges, big reforms will be required. In addition, we must also take a close look at the U.N. budget. Costs have been -- absolutely gone out of control. But I will say this: If we do a great job, I care much less about the budget, because you’re talking about peanuts compared to the important work you’re doing. You really are. You’re talking about the most important things ever. And I must say, I’m a budget person. You see the way I’m talking about NATO, the same thing, but if you do a great job at the United Nations, I feel much differently about it because we’re talking pennies compared to the kind of lives and money that you’ll be saving.
The United States, just one of 193 countries in the U.N., pays for 22 percent of the budget and almost 30 percent of the United Nations peacekeeping, which is unfair. We need the member states to come together to eliminate inefficiency and bloat, and to ensure that no one nation shoulders a disproportionate share of the burden militarily or financially. This is only fair to our taxpayers.
I look forward to a productive discussion about our shared role in keeping the peace, advancing reforms, and getting everyone to do their fair share.
I also want to say to you that I have long felt the United Nations is an underperformer but has tremendous potential. There are those people that think it’s an underperformer and will never perform. I think -- and I think especially I’m so happy with the job that Nikki is doing and our representatives -- but Nikki and the group -- and I see the relationship that she has already developed.
I think that the United Nations has tremendous potential -- tremendous potential -- far greater than what I would say any other candidate in the last 30 years would have even thought to say. I don’t think it’s lived up -- I know it hasn’t lived up to the potential. I mean, I see a day when there’s a conflict where the United Nations, you get together, and you solve the conflict. You just don’t see the United Nations, like, solving conflicts. I think that’s going to start happening now. I can see it. And the United Nations will get together and solve conflicts. It won’t be two countries, it will be the United Nations mediating or arbitrating with those countries.
So I see fantastic potential and fantastic things ahead for the United Nations. And I have to say, it’s a tremendous honor to know you and to meet you. And Nikki has given me a little briefing on each and every one of you, and I must tell you -- I will tell you, you know, I’m a very blunt person, if she didn’t like I would tell you right now -- (laughter) -- but she gets along with everybody and respects everybody in this room.
I’ll end by saying that -- unless you would rather not do it -- so we have an office in the White House, you may have heard of it, called the Oval Office. So what we'll do is we'll go down as a group and we'll take some pictures in the Oval Office. I know you’ve never seen it. Nobody seems to get to see the Oval Office very much, but we’re going to show you the Oval Office. So we’ll go down, take some pictures of the Oval Office, and we’ll have a good luncheon, and we’ll talk about the United Nations and we’ll talk about peace.
Thank you all very much for being here. It’s a great honor, and I’m glad you brought your spouses. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
11:56 A.M. EDTVia Videoconference
Oval Office
10:00 A.M. EDT
NASA: White House, this is Mission Control, Houston. Please call Station for a voice check.
THE PRESIDENT: Do you hear me?
CMDR. WHITSON: Yes, sir. We have you loud and clear.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, that's what we like -- great American equipment that works. And this isn’t easy. (Laughter.)
I want to say it’s very exciting to be here today -- very, very exciting -- and to speak to you live with three brave American astronauts. These are our finest. These are great, great Americans, great people. Two join us from orbit aboard the International Space Station: Commander Peggy Whitson and Colonel Jack Fischer. And Peggy Whitson has been setting records, and we're going to talk about that very soon.
I'm here in the Oval Office, along with my daughter Ivanka and astronaut Kate Rubins, who recently returned from space and from the Space Station. Together, we are being joined by students all across America, thousands and thousands of students who are learning -- they're learning about space, learning about a lot of other things -- and they're watching this conversation from the classroom. And, all over, we have astronauts and we have everybody, who are flying right now, 17,000 miles per hour. That's about as fast as I've ever heard. I wouldn’t want to be flying 17,000 miles an hour. But that's what you do.
Peggy, Jack, and Kate, I know that America’s students are thrilled to hear from you. But first, I want to say that this is a very special day in the glorious history of American spaceflight. Today, Commander Whitson, you have broken the record for the most total time spent in space by an American astronaut -- 534 days and counting. That's an incredible record to break. And on behalf of our nation and, frankly, on behalf of the world, I'd like to congratulate you. That is really something. And I'd like to know, how does it feel to have broken such a big and important record?
CMDR. WHITSON: Well, it's actually a huge honor to break a record like this, but it's an honor for me basically to be representing all the folks at NASA who make this spaceflight possible and who make me setting this record feasible. And so it's a very exciting time to be at NASA. We are all very much looking forward, as directed by your new NASA bill -- we're excited about the missions to Mars in the 2030s. And so we actually, physically, have hardware on the ground that's being built for the SLS rocket that's going to take us there. And, of course, the hardware being built now is going to be for the test flights that will eventually get us there.
But it's a very exciting time, and I'm so proud of the team.
THE PRESIDENT: Great. And what are we learning from having you spending your time up there? I know so much research is done; I'm getting a glimpse of some of it right here in the Oval Office. What are we learning by being in space?
CMDR. WHITSON: Well, I think probably the International Space Station is providing a key bridge from us living on Earth to going somewhere into deep space. So on those Mars missions, we need to better understand how microgravity is really affecting our body, and we need to understand it in great detail. So, many of the studies are looking at the human body. We're also looking at things that involve operations of a space vehicles on these long-duration missions and the technological advancements that will be required.
For instance, on a multiyear Mars mission, we're going to need to be able to close the life support system, and that means we, right now, for instance, are taking solar power that we collect, and using it to break apart water into oxygen and hydrogen. The oxygen, we breathe, of course. We use the hydrogen, combine it back with the CO2 that we take out of the air, and make more water. But water is such a precious resource up here that we also are cleaning up our urine and making it drinkable. And it's really not as bad as it sounds.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, that's good. I'm glad to hear that. (Laughter.) Better you than me. I will say, Colonel Fischer, you just arrived, and how was your trip? Complicated? Easy? How did it go?
COL. FISCHER: Oh, sir, it was awesome. It made even my beloved F-22 feel a little bit underpowered. I launched in a Russian vehicle with my Russian friend, Fyodor Yurchikhin, from Kazakhstan. Got the immediate perspective change as we got to orbit, and I saw that frail, thin blue line of life around the Earth. Six hours later, we're docked at the station. The next day, I install an experiment in the Japanese module that's going to be looking at new drugs and how we can make those drugs for muscular dystrophy, Alzheimer's, multi-drug-resistant bacteria -- all sorts of things. A couple hours later, I watched our crewmate, Thomas Pesquet, a Frenchman, drive a Canadian robotic arm to capture a spaceship from Virginia, carrying 3.5 tons of cargo and science that's going to keep us busy for the next few months, and dock that to the station.
Sir, it's amazing. Oh, and then, you know, now I'm talking to the President of the United States while hanging from a wall. It's amazing. The International Space Station is, by far, the best example of international cooperation and what we can do when we work together in the history of humanity. And I am so proud to be a part of it. And it's just cool. (Laughter.) Like, yesterday, I had -- well, there you go -- there's our resident space ninja doing the gravity demonstration. And yesterday morning, I had my coffee in floaty ball form, and, sir, it was delicious. So, it's awesome.
THE PRESIDENT: Tell me, Mars -- what do you see a timing for actually sending humans to Mars? Is there a schedule? And when would you see that happening?
CMDR. WHITSON: Well, I think as your bill directed, it will be approximately in the 2030s. As I mentioned, we actually are building hardware to test the new heavy launch vehicle, and this vehicle will take us further than we've ever been away from this planet. Unfortunately, spaceflight takes a lot of time and money, so getting there will require some international cooperation to get it to be a planet-wide approach in order to make it successful, just because it is a very expensive endeavor. But it so worthwhile doing.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, we want to try and do it during my first term or, at worst, during my second term. So we'll have to speed that up a little bit, okay?
CMDR. WHITSON: (Laughter.) We'll do our best.
THE PRESIDENT: Oh, you will. And I have great respect for you folks. It's amazing what you do. And I just want to introduce another great one. Kate Rubins is with us today, and she has been so impressive with research and so many other things having to do with NASA. And, Kate, I understand you're the first person to sequence DNA in space. Can you tell us about that?
DR. RUBINS: Yeah. So that was actually just this last summer, and it's a real example of what we can do with technology and innovation. We've got a sequencer down to the size of your cellphone, and we were actually able to fly that onboard the space station and sequence DNA. It's not just the technology demonstration, but we can actually use that to do things like detect microbes on the space station, look at astronaut health. We can easily use that in Earth-based settings, too, to look for disease outbreaks and to do rural healthcare as well.
THE PRESIDENT: That's fantastic. That is really great. I saw some of the work, and it's incredible. You know, I've been dealing with politicians so much, I'm so much more impressed with these people. You have no idea.
Now, speaking of another impressive person -- Ivanka, you've been very much interested in this program. Tell us something about it.
MS. TRUMP: Hi, Dr. Whitson. First of all, congratulations on your incredible milestone today. You may know that my father recently signed the Inspire Women Act to encourage female participation in STEM fields across all aerospace areas, and really with a focus on NASA. So encouraging women and girls to pursue STEM careers is a major priority for this administration.
And today we are sitting with an amazing example of that -- Dr. Rubins, and you, Dr. Whitson. So I would love to hear from you, what was the impetus for you to get involved in the sciences?
DR. RUBINS: Yeah, so when I around fifteen, I actually went to a conference, and that was very inspiring for me. It was sort of the beginning of recombinant DNA and understanding biology. And so just that exposure to scientists and the kinds of things that you can do with science and technology innovation.
MS. TRUMP: Amazing. Dr. Whitson?
CMDR. WHITSON: For me, it was actually the Apollo program was my inspiration, and that was when it became a dream to become an astronaut. But I don’t really think it became a goal until I graduated from high school, when the first female astronauts were selected. And seeing those role models, and with the encouragement of my parents and various mentors in college and graduate school, and when I started working at Rice, that’s what made it possible, I think, to become an astronaut. And it took me a lot longer to become an astronaut than I ever really wanted it to take, but I do think I’m better at my job because of the journey.
MS. TRUMP: You’re an incredible inspiration to us all. So I would also like to ask you one more question. I’m incredibly curious, as I’m sure all the students across the country are, to know what a day in the life in space is like. Could you share what a typical day looks like, what the challenges are, just any special moments?
CMDR. WHITSON: Well, a typical day, we wake up and look at the messages from the ground, because we have a huge ground team that’s working overnight to prepare changes or the details of the tests that we’re going to be performing over the course of the day. So first thing I do is check out that, see what’s changed.
But on any given day, it can be so dramatically different. On one day, we might be focusing on science. On another day, we might be repairing the carbon dioxide removal system. On another day, soon Jack and I are going to do a spacewalk. We talked about, last Saturday, we did robotics operations. I love the diversity of the different activities that we do. Plus, you know, we have over 200 investigations ongoing onboard the space station, and I just think that’s a phenomenal part of the day.
Of course, there’s also just the living and, onboard the space station, it’s such a unique and novel environment. Nothing that we’re used to on the ground. And it’s so special to just be in zero gravity. So Jack is the new guy here, and I think he can probably give you a better perspective on what that’s like.
COL. FISCHER: Well, you know, everything here -- my dad always said that if you love what you do, you never work a day in your life. And we work really hard up here, but it’s not really work, it’s just fun. It’s like playing fort almost, only you’re changing the world while you do it.
And then on the off time, the other morning I was working out, and on our machine that we work out on, right below it is the Cupola window. And so when you’re on the device where you do crunches, every time you come up, you see out the window. And it’s awesome because you kind of go, crunch, "Oh, my gosh, that’s beautiful! I got to do that again." Crunch, "Oh my gosh, that’s beautiful." It’s awesome. Everything we do here is fun, and it feels so great to know that we’re making a difference on the ground and for the future of humanity as well. So it’s an incredible, incredible job.
THE PRESIDENT: You’re making a great difference, I have to say. And this is a very exciting time for our country, and you see what’s happening with our country in terms of jobs, in terms of business, and there’s such excitement and such enthusiasm. Many American entrepreneurs are racing into space. I have many friends that are so excited about space. They want to get involved in space from the standpoint of entrepreneurship and business.
Tell us about the opportunities that could exist for the next generation of scientists and engineers. Is that something that you think a student -- because you have so many students, hundreds of thousands watching -- is that something that you think that students should be focusing, or should they be thinking about other subjects? What do you think are the opportunities for young students wanting to be involved in space?
COL. FISCHER: Sir, absolutely. I think that this is probably the most exciting in space exploration, certainly in my lifetime. We are about to just have an explosion of activity. There is so much involvement on the space station with commercial industries and commercial partners. We have an entire program to manage the science. NASA has done a wonderful job of seeding a new industry with the Commercial Crew Program and the Commercial Cargo Program so that we can build the infrastructure we need for the future exploration.
One thing I love about American entrepreneurs is, once you get them going, you better stand out of their way because they’re going to start chucking. And we’re about to that point. NASA is taking on that expensive, hard, complex task of going further and deeper into space with the wonderful new rocket, Space Launch System and Orion. And then, as soon as we break open that door, this incredible infrastructure that we’ve been building is going to be right there to pick up the baton and continue into the stars.
I would say to all the students that are watching, the time to get excited is now. If you aren’t studying science and math, you might want to think about that because our future in the stars starts now, and you can be a part of that if, like Dr. Whitson, you can find that passion and work really hard. And we’re going to find a permanent foothold in the stars for humanity if you do that.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you. So well said. And I have to say, there’s tremendous military application in space. We’re rebuilding our military like never before. We’re ordering equipment, and we’re going to have the strongest military that we’ve ever had, the strongest military that the world has ever seen, and there’s been no time where we need it more. And I’m sure that every student watching wants to know, what is next for Americans in space.
I’m very proud that I just signed a bill committing NASA to the aim of sending America astronauts to Mars. So we’ll do that. I think we’ll do it a lot sooner than we’re even thinking. So which one of you is ready to go to Mars? Are you ready? And I think you’re ready. I know you’re ready, right? We just discussed that. She’d like to go to Mars very quickly. Who’s ready to go to Mars up there?
CMDR. WHITSON: We are absolutely ready to go to Mars. It’s going to be a fantastic journey getting there, and very exciting times, and all of us would be happy to go. But I want all the young people out there to recognize that the real steps are going to be taken in a few years. And so by studying math, science, engineering, any kind of technology, you’re going to have a part in that, and that will be very exciting.
THE PRESIDENT: I just want to thank you very much. And, Dr. Whitson, I just -- congratulations. Amazing. What an amazing thing that you’ve done. Everybody here -- I know you’re family -- but everybody here is incredibly proud of the record you just broke. I hope that every young American watching today finds, in your example, a reason to love space and think about space because many great things are going to come out, tremendous discoveries in medicine and so many other fields.
So thank you very much. I want to say God bless you, God bless America. We are very, very proud of you, and very proud of your bravery. Thank you very much.
END
10:19 A.M. EDTU.S. Treasury Department
Washington, D.C.
2:55 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, Steve. Great honor, I must say. It’s a great pleasure to be at the United States Treasury Department and to meet so many dedicated public servants. I went through that beautiful hallway where those incredible paintings of past secretaries, and it was really very interesting. I want to read every one, I want to learn about every one of them, but we have one that I hope will go down as one of the greats. I think Hamilton is tough to beat, but maybe you can do that too. We’ll take it, right? But thank you very much.
The Treasury Department is the guardian of America’s wealth and a worldwide symbol of American prestige. This department was first led by the same gentleman, Alexander Hamilton, a man who understood that the government must protect the jobs of its citizens and the wealth of our nation.
Secretary Mnuchin, who I’ve known for so long, and he’s so good and so smart and so financially adept, is working very hard every day to do just that -- to protect the working citizen of America, and to safeguard our finances from anyone, anybody, any nation who would try to take advantage of the United States. His vast experience and financial talent are now being put into service on behalf of the American people. And you’ll see what I mean very soon.
We have taken unprecedented action to bring back our jobs and return power to our citizens. It’s been taken away. We’ve lifted one terrible regulation after another at a record clip, from the energy sector to the auto sector. And we have many more to go, and that’s going to be happening over the next, I would say, four to five weeks. And we’ve begun a historic effort to protect our manufacturing and our manufacturing businesses, companies and our workers from unfair foreign trade.
Protecting our Treasury also means getting other countries to finally pay their fair share for the cost of defense, and many other global projects that for too long have fallen under our guidance and, unfortunately, fallen under the United States taxpayer expense. And we’re going to end that; we're going to end it quickly. We want fairness. We don’t want to take advantage of anyone. We want fairness.
We’re now in the process of rebuilding America, and there’s a new optimism sweeping across our country like people have not seen in many, many decades. We’re here today to continue this great economic revival. I will be signing three presidential directives to further protect our workers and our taxpayers.
The first executive action instructs Secretary Mnuchin to begin the process of tax simplification. Such a big thing. People can’t do their returns. They have no idea what they’re doing. They’re too complicated. This regulatory reduction is the first step toward a tax reform that reduces rates, provides relief to our middle class, and lowers our business tax, which is one of the highest in the world and has stopped us from so much wealth and productivity.
Secretary Mnuchin is a leader in our effort to make America competitive again. We're going to make it great again, we're going to make it strong again, we're going to make it safe again, and we're going to make it competitive again. I'm also issuing two directives that instruct Secretary Mnuchin to review the damaging Dodd-Frank regulations that failed to hold Wall Street firms accountable. I mean, they've done really, in many cases, the opposite of what they were supposed to. These regulations enshrine "too big to fail" and encourage risky behavior.
We're taking steps to make our economy more fair and prosperous for all. As part of our broader financial strategy, we're working to open up lending to small businesses and entrepreneurs, including our incredible women entrepreneurs who are doing better and better and better. We want opportunity for everyone and in every single part of our country.
Secretary Mnuchin and my entire administration are working around the clock to help struggling Americans achieve their financial dreams, earn a great paycheck, have a job that they love going to every single day, and have real confidence in the future. Together, we will restore prosperity to this nation, a nation that we so dearly love, and to bring people -- who call this home -- into a great, great way of living and a great way of life. They're going to be thrilled. We're going to be thrilled.
And you're going to be seeing some very, very major changes. You've already seen them. I don’t know if anybody has looked recently, but if you looked at optimism indexes that are just coming out, manufacturing in particular, where it's up to the highest point it's ever been -- 93 percent -- it was a 27 percent increase over the past, over the last one.
So I just want to thank everybody for being here. This is such a privilege for me to sign. This is really the beginning of a whole new way of life that this country hasn’t seen in really many, many years. I want to thank you, and I want to God bless America. Thank you. Thank you, everybody.
So this is identifying and reducing tax regulatory burdens. That covers a lot of territory, believe me.
(The President signs the executive order.)
This is the subject of Financial Stability, the Oversight Council. Very important.
(The President signs the executive order.)
This is Orderly Liquidation Authority. It doesn’t sound like much, but it is. That's a biggie. It doesn’t sound good, but it is.
(The President signs the executive order.)
And we'll be having a big announcement on Wednesday having to do with tax reform. The process has begun long ago, but it really formally begins on Wednesday. So go to it.
Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.
END
3:03 P.M. EDTYour browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript:
My Fellow Americans,
A new optimism is sweeping our country as we return power from Washington and give it back to the American People, where it belongs.
For too long, American workers were forgotten by their government – and I mean totally forgotten. Their interests were pushed aside for global projects, and their wealth was taken from their communities and shipped across the world, all across the seas.
My Administration has offered a new vision. The well-being of the American citizen and worker will be placed second to none – and boy do I mean second to none.
Since Day One I have been fighting for the hardworking people of this country – and this week we took historic action to continue delivering on that promise.
We did so in one of the many proud industrial towns of our nation – Kenosha, Wisconsin – with the men and women of Snap-On, who make American tools for workers around the world. They were there, and they loved what they heard, and they loved what they saw.
In Wisconsin, I signed an Executive Order to Buy American and Hire American. I took historic action to ensure that Federal Projects are made with American Goods – and to keep American workers and companies from being cheated out of contracts by countries that break the rules and break every regulation in the book to take advantage of the United States. That’s not going to happen anymore.
I also took action to reform our immigration system so that it puts the needs of American workers first – the duty of government is to represent the citizens of the United States, and that is what we will do.
Whether it’s removing job-killing regulations, protecting our borders, or unleashing American energy, we are keeping our promises and delivering for the American Worker.
During my visit, I talked about how America is a nation that honors work. We honor grit. We honor craftsmanship. We honor the skilled tradespeople who turn rock and steel and iron and cement into works of art and grace and beauty. There’s tremendous talent there, believe me.
The wrench and ratchet are not only tools, but instruments that help build cities out of deserts and send ships across oceans. And the tools of craftsmen and the masons are just as important as the tools of the doctor and the dentist or the CEO, or even the tools of politicians, believe it or not – and their work is every bit as noble. They take pride in their jobs, and we take pride in them.
No longer will the concerns of these hardworking Americans go unanswered.
By making government answer to our citizens, we are removing the limits on our future and setting free the dreams of our people.
As long as we do this, optimism will continue to soar. Hope will continue to spring. And this country we love will grow stronger and stronger day by day.
Thank you, God Bless you, and God Bless America.3:56 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Prime Minister Gentiloni, welcome. Great honor. Thank you.
It's wonderful to have you in our wonderful People's House, known as the White House. And so many great Italian friends are with us today. And we renew, always, the deep ties of history and friendship that link together the American and the Italian peoples. That history traces its roots to the timeless contributions of Italy to civilization and human progress -- so true -- stretching all the way back to Ancient Rome.
Through the ages, your country has been a beacon of artistic and scientific achievement -- and that continues today -- from Venice to Florence, from Verdi to Pavarotti, a friend of mine. Great friend of mine. These bonds of history and culture have only grown stronger as our two nations have become close partners, dear friends, and very vital allies.
Mr. Prime Minister, I'm thrilled that you are here today to discuss how we can make this great relationship even more productive in the years to come. On the economy, Italy is one of America’s largest trading partners. A lot of people don’t know that. We both seek a trading relationship that is balanced, reciprocal -- I love the word "reciprocal," because we don’t have too many reciprocal trading partnerships, I will tell you that, but we will very soon -- and fair, benefitting both of our countries. And we can work together to achieve that outcome, and that will happen.
Italy is also a key partner in the fight against terrorism. Italy is now the second-largest contributor of troops to the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan. I would also like to thank you, Prime Minister, for your leadership on seeking stabilization in Libya, and for your crucial efforts to deny ISIS a foothold in the Mediterranean. You fought hard. We're grateful for your role in the anti-ISIS campaign. All nations must condemn this barbaric enemy and support the effort to achieve its total and complete destruction.
Also, as you know, Mr. Prime Minister, we have more than 30,000 American servicemembers, families, and personnel who are stationed across your country. As we reaffirm our support for historic institutions, we must also reaffirm the requirement that everyone must pay their full and fair share for the cost of defense.
Together, we can address many pressing challenges, including two that greatly affect both of our countries, those of large-scale migration and international smuggling. Maintaining strong borders is a vital component of any security policy, and a responsible approach to refugees is one that seeks the eventual return of refugees to their home countries so that they can help to rebuild their own nations.
Finally, I want to say how much I look forward to visiting Sicily for the G7, as we seek to foster cooperation not only on matters of security, but also science, commerce, health, and technology. Our two countries have shared interests and shared values, and we can each make great contributions to the other.
Mr. Prime Minister, I again want to thank you for being with us and being our true friend. Italy is a spectacular place; I know it well. I love the people of Italy. We have 18 million Italians living in the United States, people originally from Italy. And it's a great honor to have many of them as my friends. Thank you for being here.
PRIME MINISTER GENTILONI: Thank you for hosting us here. It's an honor to be here at the White House today. And I'll now switch to Italian.
(As interpreted.) We had a very fruitful meeting which reflects an ancient friendship, as the President reminded us with his words. This friendship is also a sign of the 18 million Italian Americans who have such an important role in our country -- in this country. And this friendship is witnessed also by the fact that Italy is the second choice of American students to study abroad, and we're very proud of this. And this confirms the importance that the United States gives to the cultural dimension of our country, as the President, himself, just said.
This friendship is based on a common commitment against terrorism. This commitment is a commitment in which we are both very active -- our country is very active in Iraq and in Afghanistan, and I think that the stabilization work will be decisive, the civilization work of Iraq, after the military defeat that we expect for Daesh.
We know that this action against terrorism must take place within our individual countries. In Europe, with the social and cultural commitment against radicalization, by cooperating with Islamic communities, Italy contributes to peace and to stability in the Mediterranean. In Syria, where I believe the U.S. choice to react to the use of chemical weapons by Bashar al-Assad, and where a negotiated solution is more necessary than ever. In Libya -- and we discussed this in our meeting -- where we need to work against the division of the country in order to stabilize it.
This is a very decisive task if we want to manage the migratory flows without giving up on our values and our humanitarian principles. And we need to contrast the horrible traffic of people and clandestine refugees.
Italy is convinced of its strategic commitment in favor of the transatlantic relationship. We have also spoken about common commitments in NATO and the goals that were identified in 2014, and the commitments on military expenses and the contribution that each country must make towards collective security. We are proud of our contribution.
And finally, Italy is a country of dialogue. We are proud because we succeeded in keeping open the doors in difficult crises. Dialogue can be useful even vis-à-vis Russia, without obviously giving up our unity and our principles, and without giving up our strength and our values.
I also told President Trump that we have confidence -- even though this is a difficult moment, and we all know it's difficult right now -- we have confidence in the future of the European Union and certainly in the importance of the relationship between the U.S. and Italy. These are the two pillars that the transatlantic relationship is based on and a great part of peace and freedom in the world. We are going through a difficult time, but I have confidence that the European Union will continue to be a positive response to this.
And, finally, we are expecting and I look forward to the President’s visit to the summit in Taormina, and I trust that this will be the opportunity to show him the unity of our leaders and of the principal free economies of the planet. Because right now, we really do need this unity.
Once again, thank you, Mr. President.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Thank you. Appreciate it.
I'll take a few questions. John Roberts of Fox, please.
Q Mr. President, thanks so much. I hope you’ll forgive me for asking you a three-part question -- it's been a while. In just the last few minutes -- I believe it was while you were meeting with the Prime Minister -- there was a shooting in downtown Paris.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I see that.
Q It’s being described as a potential terrorist attack. I wonder if you have something on that.
And further to that, to the big trouble spots that you’re dealing with right now, North Korea and Iran. Do you believe that the leader of North Korea, Kim Jong-un, is mentally unstable? Is that one of the reasons why you’re so concerned about these latest developments? Is he a man who can be reasoned with? And on Iran, do you have reason to suspect that they are cheating on the JCPOA?
And to Mr. Prime Minister, you talked just a moment ago about your commitment to NATO. President Trump would like to see all NATO members contribute 2 percent of their GDP to NATO. Your contribution is slightly less than 1 percent. Will you commit to committing 2 percent of your GDP to the Alliance going forward? Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, first of all, I love the question you asked the Prime Minister. I look forward to his answer -- (laughter) -- because I’m going to be asking him that same question very soon.
Well, first of all, our condolences from our country to the people of France. Again, it’s happening, it seems. I just saw it as I was walking in, so that’s a terrible thing and it’s a very, very terrible thing that’s going on in the world today. But it looks like another terrorist attack. And what can you say -- it just never ends. We have to be strong and we have to be vigilant. And I’ve been saying it for a long time.
As far as North Korea is concerned, we are in very good shape. We’re building our military rapidly. A lot of things have happened over the last short period of time. I’ve been here for approximately 91 days; we’re doing a lot of work. We’re in very good position. We’re going to see what happens.
I can’t ask your -- answer your question on stability. I hope the answer is a positive one, not a negative one. But hopefully that will be something that gets taken care of. I have great respect for the President of China. As you know, we had a great summit in Florida, and Palm Beach, and got to know each other and I think like each other. I can say from my standpoint I liked him very much. I respect him very much. And I think he’s working very hard.
I can say that all of the pundits out there are saying they never have seen China work like they’re working right now. Many coal ships have sent back. Many other things have happened. Some very unusual moves have been made over the last two or three hours. And I really have confidence that the President will try very hard. We don’t know whether or not they’re able to do that, but I have absolute confidence that he will be trying very, very hard.
And one of the reasons that we’re talking about trade deals and we’re talking about all of the different things -- but we’re slowing up a little bit. I actually told him, I said, you’ll make a much better deal on trade if you get rid of this menace or do something about the menace of North Korea. Because that’s what it is, it’s a menace right now.
So we’ll see what happens. As far as Iran is concerned, I think they are doing a tremendous disservice to an agreement that was signed. It was a terrible agreement. It shouldn’t have been signed. It shouldn’t have been negotiated the way it was negotiated. I’m all for agreements, but that was a bad one, as bad as I’ve ever seen negotiated.
They are not living up to the spirit of the agreement, I can tell you that. And we’re analyzing it very, very carefully and we’ll have something to say about it in the not-too-distant future. But Iran has not lived up to the spirit of the agreement. And they have to do that. They have to do that. So we will see what happens.
Thank you very much, John.
PRIME MINISTER GENTILONI: Thank you, Mr. President. (As interpreted.) First of all, allow me to join President Trump’s words for what happened in Paris. These words of condolences and closeness to the French people. And this is a very delicate period for them, just three days before the election.
As far as the question is concerned, the commitment has been made. It was made during a NATO summit. And we are used to respecting our commitments. We know that this will be a gradual process; it has already begun. And we know that Italy has certain limitations when it comes to its budget, but despite these limitations our commitment for common defense is very clear.
And, as I said earlier, I’m very proud not only of the progress made in our financial commitment, but also proud of the contribution that we give to the security of the Alliance in so many areas of the world. We talked about Iraq and Afghanistan, but we could also talk about the Baltic Sea or the Balkans. And in all of these areas, you will see the presence of Italian forces within the Alliance, and we are proud of that.
Q Sky Italia. (As interpreted.) First, for you, President [sic] Gentiloni, I wanted to ask you -- we saw from this new administration a new type of policy on the international scene, very different from what we had in the past. And one of the last important operations which was carried out by President Trump was in Syria with a bombing following the use of chemical weapons by the Assad regime. I wanted to ask you, does Italy think or conceive a possibility to take action in -- more action in Syria?
(In progress.) (In English.) -- since my colleague from Fox News did, so I’m going to take as well the possibility to ask you two questions. First of all, about European Union. You have said in the past that Brexit was a great thing, and that you think that other country will follow. So you know that Italy is an important player and supporter of European integration. Do you believe that actually a strong Europe is important for the United States, also looking forward at a French election?
And on the second question, is that you said that you’re looking forward to come to Italy for the G7, and I wanted to know if you’re also looking forward, if it’s going to be possible, to meet Pope Francis during your Italian trip. Thank you.
PRIME MINISTER GENTILONI: (As interpreted.) Syria: We immediately assessed the operation that was ordered by President Trump and decided that this was a motivated response to the use of chemical weapons. We added that it’s up to everyone to consider negotiation as the road through which we hopefully can put an end to this infinite dramatic war and come to peace. Italy is not directly involved in the operations and military operations in Syria other than marginal aspects, but it’s not our plan to change this attitude.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Yes, a strong Europe is very, very important to me as President of the United States. And it’s also, in my opinion, in my very strong opinion, important for the United States. We want to see it. We will help it be strong, and it’s very much to everybody’s advantage. And I look very much forward to meeting the Pope.
Fabian of The Hill. Fabian. Yes.
Q Thank you, Mr. President. Some people on Capitol Hill believe you can get one of two things next week: a vote on healthcare or a vote on a government funding bill. So my question is, which one is more important to you have: a vote on healthcare or a vote on a bill to keep the government open?
And, Mr. Prime Minister, I want to get your thoughts on a referendum in Turkey that occurred last week. You spoke about democratic values in the European continent, so are you concerned with the result of the Turkish referendum? Is that something that you discussed with President Trump?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Okay, I want to get both. Are you shocked to hear that? And we’re doing very well on healthcare. We’ll see what happens. But this is a great bill. There’s a great plan. And this will be great healthcare. It’s evolving. You know, there was never a give-up. The press sort of reported there was like a give-up. There’s no give-up. We started. Remember, it took Obamacare 17 months. I’ve really been negotiating this for two months, maybe even less than that, because we had a 30-day period where we did lots of other things the first 30 days.
But this has really been two months. And this is a continuation. And the plan gets better and better and better. And it’s gotten really, really good. And a lot of people are liking it a lot. We have a good chance of getting it soon. I’d like to say next week, but it will be -- I believe we will get it. And whether it’s next week or shortly thereafter. As far as keeping the government open, I think we want to keep the government open. Don’t you agree? So, yeah, I think we’ll get both. Thank you.
PRIME MINISTER GENTILONI: (As interpreted.) The Turkish referendum is a fact that we must take note of, leaving aside any debates that can take place about how the vote took place. But I believe the European leadership have taken note of the vote. The consequences will depend a great deal on how the Turkish government and President Erdogan, especially, will take into account almost half of the population’s expression of a different opinion. Will there be an inclusive approach, or will there be a confrontation in this part of Turkey? This will be very important for us and the European Union.
The other thing that’s going to be very important is the respect of the certain fundamental principles. We are members of the Atlantic alliance -- Italy and Turkey -- and Italy contributes to Turkey’s defense with its own military assets. We believe that, among our countries, there should be a cooperation, and hopefully -- and we trust -- that this cooperation will have, among its consequences, the solution of the case concerning the journalist who’s been detained over the last few days in Turkey.
Q (As interpreted.) President Gentiloni, you have focused a lot on the leadership -- Italian leadership and American leadership -- in order to stabilize Libya. What do you expect exactly from Washington? And especially, I am asking you, what is necessary in this process, in this relationship of cooperation with Russia?
(In English.) President Trump, do you see a role for your administration in helping stabilizing Libya? And do you agree that stabilizing Libya means combating terrorism and ISIS?
PRESIDENT GENTILONI: (As interpreted.) America has played a very key role -- first of all, to prevent the consolidation of an important basis for terrorism while Daesh was undergoing defeat in Iraq and Syria. There were operations that were sustained by the U.S. against Daesh in the city of Sirte which were successful. Now the commitment must be political. And, therefore, in the cooperation of U.S. and Italy and other key partners in the region, the goal is to broaden the basis -- the consensus for the Tripoli government, which is recognized by the international community, but which must be able to count on a broader consensus.
I believe that one clear goal should be this: We need the region, and we need countries like Egypt and Tunisia that are close to Libya. We need a stable and unified Libya. A divided country and in conflict would make stability worse. The U.S. role in this is very critical.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I do not see a role in Libya. I think the United States has right now enough roles. We’re in a role everywhere. So I do not see that. I do see a role in getting rid of ISIS. We’re being very effective in that regard. We are doing a job, with respect to ISIS, that has not been done anywhere near the numbers that we’re producing right now. It’s a very effective force we have. We have no choice. It’s a horrible thing to say, but we have no choice. And we are effectively ridding the world of ISIS. I see that as a primary role, and that’s what we’re going to do, whether it’s in Iraq or in Libya or anywhere else. And that role will come to an end at a certain point, and we’ll be able to go back home and rebuild our country, which is what I want to do.
Thank you all very much. I appreciate it. Thank you.
END
4:21 P.M. EDTOval Office
12:13 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. We appreciate everybody for being here. It's a historic day for American steel and, most importantly, for American steelworkers. Thanks, especially, to Secretary Wilbur Ross for helping to lead this critical effort. We've been working on it since I came to office, and long before I came to office. We're going to fight for American workers and American-made steel. And that's beginning immediately.
For decades, America has lost our jobs and our factories to unfair foreign trade. And one steel mill after another has been shut down, abandoned, and closed, and we're going to reverse that. Other countries have made a living taking advantage of the United States in so many ways, as you know, and I've been talking about that for a long time.
As I traveled the country, I saw the shuttered factories, of the shuttered dreams, and I pledged that I would take action. And I think it's probably one of the primary reasons I'm sitting here today as President.
And since the day I entered office, I have followed through on that pledge, big league, beginning with our withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which would have been a catastrophe for our businesses and for our workers. I'm very proud of that withdrawal. Some people say, oh, gee, I wish you didn’t do that, but the smart people say, thank you, thank you, thank you. That would have been another NAFTA disaster. And NAFTA, believe me, was a disaster and continues to be a disaster for our country.
On Tuesday, I signed an order to enforce the Buy American laws and stop foreign countries from stealing contracts from American companies and, essentially, from American workers.
Today, I'm directing the Department of Commerce to immediately prioritize the investigation that began yesterday and really long before that -- because Wilbur and I have been working on this for a long time -- into foreign steel arriving into our markets, and to submit a report on the effects of these foreign steel products on the national security of the United States. It's not just the pricing, it’s not just employment, it also has to do with the national security of our country, which people never talk about. I talked about it.
Maintaining the production of American steel is extremely important to our national security and our defense industrial base. Steel is critical to both our economy and our military. This is not an area where we can afford to become dependent on foreign countries. We have a product where we actually need foreign countries to be nice to us in order to fight for our people. And that's not going to happen any longer, believe me -- especially as it comes to steel.
This investigation will look at how steel imports are impacting the United States national security, taking into account foreign practices such as steel dumping. Dumping is a tremendous problem in this country. They're dumping vast amounts of steel in our country, and they're really hurting not only our country, but our companies. Their targeting of American industry and other foreign strategies designed to undermine American industry as a whole.
Based on the findings of this report, Secretary Wilbur Ross will make formal recommendations to the White House in a very, very, near future. He'll be back very soon with those recommendations that we will implement.
From now on, we're going to stand up for American jobs, workers, their security, and for American steel companies and companies generally. Today's action is the next vital step toward making America strong and prosperous once again.
And I want to just add -- I wasn’t going to do this -- but I was in Wisconsin the other day, and I want to end and add by saying that Canada, what they've done to our dairy farm workers is a disgrace. It's a disgrace. I spent time with some of the farmers in Wisconsin, and, as you know, rules, regulations, different things have changed. And our farmers in Wisconsin and New York State are being put out of business, our dairy farmers. And that also includes what’s happening along our northern border states with Canada, having to do with lumber and timber.
The fact is, NAFTA -- whether it’s Mexico or Canada -- is a disaster for our country. It’s a disaster. It’s a trading disaster. And we’ll be reporting back sometime over the next two weeks as to NAFTA and what we’re going to do about it. But what happened to our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and New York State -- we’re not going to let it happen. We can’t let Canada or anybody else take advantage and do what they did to our workers and to our farmers. And again, I want to also just mention, included in there is lumber, timber, and energy. So we’re going to have to get to the negotiating table with Canada very, very quickly. Again, just to tell you, this is another NAFTA disaster, and we’re not going to let it continue onward.
I think what I’d like to do is ask a few of the people if they’d like to -- these are some of the great steel companies of our country. Now, some of those companies were much bigger years ago. U.S. Steel would be an example, and others would be examples. But they were much -- these were the greatest companies in the world years ago. And today, they’ve been hurt but they’ll be great again. And they’ll be great, I think, very soon. We’re going to impose very, very strict regulations on unfair competition from the outside world.
Perhaps I could ask the head of United States Steel to say a few words.
MR. LONGHI: An honor, Mr. President, Mr. Secretary. I think the signing of this executive order clearly demonstrates your understanding of the fundamental importance that our industry has, not just to the national economy, but to our national defense.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Anybody like to say something on behalf of your company or your workers?
PARTICIPANT: I would just like to thank you, Mr. President and Secretary Ross, for this action to protect not only our industries, our employees, but, frankly, our country. So thank you for this bold move.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much.
MR. GERARD: Mr. President, on behalf of the workers in the industry -- President of the Steelworkers Union -- I have worked a long time with Wilbur, and we’ve been fighting this unfair trade for more than 30 years. Hopefully, this executive order will give us the tools we need to grow our companies back and put people back to work. And I have lots of faith that Secretary Wilbur Ross will help make that happen.
THE PRESIDENT: I have to say, the unions have been working with us very closely, and they’ve been great. So I appreciate that. Thank you very much.
So we’re going to sign, and this is a very important signing. And we’ll be back over a period of the next 30 to 50 days, I would say, and maybe sooner than that. But statutorily, we probably want to take a very good, strong, hard study. And we’re going to do something really great for our industry, but in this particular case, for the steel industry. I look forward to it too.
(The President signs the executive order.)
So should I give this pen to labor or to steel? (Laughter.) And I’m going to look at it, and they’re going to be a partnership. So how about we give it to the union for a change? Should we do that? Come on. You treat us fairly, that’s all. Okay, you treat us fairly.
Q Mr. President, how will this affect your dealing with China on North Korea? Are you concerned that this will affect that at all?
THE PRESIDENT: This has nothing to do with China. This has to do with worldwide, what’s happening. The dumping problem is a worldwide problem.
Thank you, everybody. (Applause.)
END
12:22 P.M. EDT2:08 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Thank you very much. What a great day it is to be with all of our friends at the White House. We celebrate the Super Bowl New England Patriots, world champions, Super Bowl champions -- champions, period -- and their historic win. (Applause.) And they are champions.
Before we get started, I want to acknowledge some special guests. We're proud to be joined by seven wounded warriors who have bravely served and sacrificed for our nation. Specialist Cameron Greenstreet. (Applause.) Staff Sergeant Frederick Manning. (Applause.) Specialist James Matthews. (Applause.) Sergeant Christopher McGinnis. (Applause.) Specialist Stephanie Morris. (Applause.) Sergeant Major James Watson. (Applause.) Staff Sergeant Sheldon Warner. (Applause.)
Special people. And America is very blessed to have you with us. Thank you.
The New England Patriots are big supporters of our military and America’s veterans. Joe Cardona -- where’s Joe? Where is Joe? There he is, in his beautiful navy -- (applause) -- thank you, Joe. Serves in the Navy Reserves and is a graduate of the Naval Academy. Coach Belichick is the son of a Navy veteran. And Bob -- that’s Bob Kraft -- he’s becoming a pretty famous guy for winning, I’ll tell you that. Between him and Belichick, wow. You do so much to support our military. Bob has been my friend for a long time, and he wants to support our military.
So what a group of champions, all of them. And, Bob, I want to commend you for building such an extraordinary organization. Five Super Bowl victories since 2002 -- really unbelievable. And I’ll say this right now: George Steinbrenner, as you know, was a very good friend of mine. And George was a great champ too, but there was a little more turmoil, right? A little more turmoil in his victories. And that’s okay. He was another great one.
Since Bob bought the Patriots in 1994, they’ve won more division titles, conference championships and Super Bowl wins than any other team. No team has been this good for this long. (Applause.) He’s built a culture dedicated to winning. And he started it with his coach -- and I want to tell you, that is some special man -- it’s called the Patriot Way. And that really starts with Coach Belichick.
And I want to thank all of you for being with us. The Patriots are an incredible organization, and this Super Bowl victory was a complete team effort. That’s the beauty of what they do -- they win as a team. (Applause.) With your backs against the wall, and the pundits -- good old pundits. Boy, they’re wrong a lot, aren’t they -- (laughter) -- saying you couldn’t do it, the game was over, you pulled off the greatest Super Bowl comeback of all time, one of the greatest comebacks of all time -- but the greatest Super Bowl comeback of all time. And that was just special. I think I looked at odds and they gave you less than one half of 1 percent of winning the game.
And then the coach said, let’s go for three. He’s losing by so much, he said, let’s go for three. And I say, what is he doing? That was a great decision, Coach. (Laughter.) I tell him that all the time.
The fourth down conversion by Danny Amendola -- where’s Danny? Where’s Danny? (Applause.) Way to go, Danny. The big sack by Trey Flowers. Big sack. Where’s Trey? Come on, put your hand up, Trey. See, he’s shy, a little bit. (Applause.) You weren’t shy when you hit that guy, were you? You weren’t shy about -- he didn’t mind hitting. Thank you, Trey. Great job. The incredible catch by Julian Edelman. (Applause.) What a catch. We all said, no, that ball was dropped. Isn’t that good? You know, in the old days, they might have said that was dropped. Those replays are good. You’re starting to like the replay, right? (Laughter.) Great going, Julian.
I think of guys like Marcus Cannon and the offensive line. Marcus? (Applause.) That’s some line. Or Matt Slater, who was awarded the 2017 Bart Starr Award for the character and leadership he has shown both on and off the field. Malcolm Mitchell -- (applause) -- it’s true. (Applause.) Malcolm Mitchell, who, as a rookie, handled the pressure of the Super Bowl like an absolute true veteran. Way to go, Malcolm. (Applause.) Good job.
Or Nate Ebner, who played on our Olympic rugby team last summer. Pretty good athlete, right? And in Brazil -- he was in Brazil playing and doing really well, and is an All-Pro special team guy and player. So, Nate, congratulations. Where’s Nate? (Applause.) Which is the tougher sport, Nate, football or rugby?
MR. EBNER: I don’t know. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: I had a feeling you might say that. But everyone played a role, and everybody played as champions. It was the first overtime game in Super Bowl history, and it ended with a legendary victory for this proud franchise and for these absolutely terrific players and coaches.
You had the best record in football with 14 wins and only two losses. And that doesn’t happen by accident. It takes hard work, dedication, and a commitment by every member of the team to work together in pursuit of the ultimate goal, a goal that very few people achieve. And you’ve achieved it five times, many of you, and our coach and our owner have achieved it five times. Great, great talents, great, great people.
Whether you’re trying to win a Super Bowl or rebuild our country, as Coach Belichick would say, there are no days off. And just a quick story about the coach. So I had won the primaries, and I’m now in this rather heated election that a few of you have read about. And he wrote me this beautiful letter after the primaries. "Congratulations," he said all sorts of things that were really good. I mean, it was really a beautiful letter. And it was very close to going before the election. And I called up, and I said, Coach, do you mind if I read the letter tonight to a stadium full of people in a very, very big and important state? And he said, "You know what? I’d rather not have you do that. Could you send it back to me? I’m going to give you another one." I said, no that’s okay. "Nope, I want to give you another one." Now, immediately to me, that means he’s going to tone it down because what he said was so nice. And you know what he did? He toned it way up. It was much better. It was much better. He made that the greatest letter, and I did very well in that state. Thank you, Coach. That was very good.
But, you know, he’s just a very special guy. And he’s tough. Is he tough, fellas, or a nice guy? Huh? A little tough, right? He’s tough, he’s smart, and he’s got a great heart.
So the Patriot coaches and these great players have delivered iconic American sports moments that will last forever. We’re going to watch that game over and over and over. That game will last forever. Five Super Bowl wins in the era of free agency, which is really, really tough. What an achievement.
So again, congratulations to Super Bowl Champion New England Patriots. And with that, I’d like to ask a very special and talented man, and a great friend of mine for a long time, Bob Kraft, to say a few words. Thank you all very much. (Applause.)
MR. KRAFT: Thank you, Mr. President. It’s a true honor to be here for the fifth time celebrating a world championship. And every time that we have the privilege of coming here to the White House, I think about the long odds that were faced by our country’s forefathers who fought for our freedom and independence.
Overcoming long odds through hard work, perseverance, and, most importantly, mental toughness is the foundation of everything that is great about this country. I am proud that the first time we came here as a team after winning a championship as 14-point underdogs but infinitely more important was it was the season of 9/11, 2001, at a time in which our nation showed its mental toughness to rally together and to rebound from an unthinkable tragedy.
This year’s championship was achieved after falling behind by 25 points -- a deficit so great that in the 97-year history of the NFL -- over 20,000 games -- that deficit had only been overcome seven times. In that same year, a very good friend of mine for over 25 years, a man who is mentally tough and hardworking as anybody I know, launched a campaign for the presidency against 16 career politicians, facing odds almost as long as we faced in the fourth quarter. He persevered to become the 45th President of the United States. (Applause.)
It’s a distinct honor for us to celebrate what was unequivocally our sweetest championship with a very good friend and somebody whose mental toughness and strength I greatly admire. And I would like to call upon our coach to say a few words. But before, we’d like to jointly present --
(The President is presented with a jersey.) (Applause.)
A Super Bowl LI Championship jersey. (Applause.)
MR. BELICHICK: Thank you. On behalf of the team, the organization, I just want to thank the President and his great staff for wonderful day, a wonderful opportunity here. We’ve had the great privilege to be here several times, but this one -- the way we were treated and the opportunities to be in the Oval Office, to meet with the President, to see the inside of the White House has just been fabulous.
So along with the parade, the ring ceremony -- as a team, the opportunity and the privilege of coming to the White House is just one of the great things about winning the Super Bowl. And so we’re very privileged to be here, and we thank the President and his great staff for the hospitality that they have shown us.
Also, our great Patriot fans here and throughout Patriot Nation, thank you for coming out today. (Applause.) As Mr. Kraft said, this is really a special team. These guys work incredibly hard all year. They put all the work in in advance when we didn’t have anything to show for it. And then as the year went on -- you know, a total of 17 victories. They were all tough. These guys are mentally tough. They’re physically tough. They love to compete and they knew how to compete under pressure, and that’s probably when we played our best football as we saw in overtime in the Super Bowl.
So I’m incredibly proud and honored to coach this group with our coaching staff. Our coaching staff did a tremendous job this year. I’m so appreciative of them. And then this day really is -- you know, it’s a great day for us, it’s a thrill to be here, and we appreciate your support, and we appreciate, again, the great treatment that we received from the President and his staff. Thank you very much.
And we have one other presentation to make. Super Bowl LI helmet. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
END
2:27 P.M. EDT11:32 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Good morning. We're honored to join and be joined today by some absolutely tremendous people and great veterans. Thanks, as well -- and I have to thank them dearly -- but as well to Representative Phil Roe. Where is he? What a job you've done. And all the members of Congress who worked on the bill that we're about to sign. Such an important bill.
I especially want to thank Senator John McCain and Senator Johnny Isakson. They have been incredible in working with us. Let me also welcome my good friend, Florida Governor Rick Scott, a Navy veteran who's here with us to represent more than a million veterans from the state of Florida. We're also joined by the leaders of a number of veterans groups. I want to thank all of them for being here and all of the tremendous and important work that they do. We would not be here if it weren’t for them, I can tell you that.
Finally, I want to thank our Secretary of the VA, David Shulkin, who, by the way, was approved with a vote of 100 to nothing. That's shocking, right? (Laughter.) One hundred to nothing, really. Now, you wouldn’t be getting 100 to nothing. (Laughter.)
We met earlier today in the Oval Office, and Secretary Shulkin updated me on the massive and chronic challenge he inherited at the VA, but also the great progress that he is making. He's got a group of people that are phenomenal at the VA. It's one of my most important things. I've been telling all of our friends at speeches and rallies for two years about the VA, how we're going to turn it around. And we're doing that.
And, actually, next week, on Thursday at 2 o'clock, we're going to have a news conference with David and some others to tell you about all of the tremendous things that are happening at the VA and what we've done in terms of progress and achievement.
The veterans have poured out their sweat and blood and tears for this country for so long, and it's time that they're recognized, and it's time that we now take care of them, and take care of them properly.
That's why I'm pleased today to sign into law the Veterans Choice Program Improvement Act. So this is called the Choice Program Improvement Act. It speaks for itself. This bill will extend and improve the Veterans Choice Program so that more veterans can see the doctor of their choice -- you got it? The doctor of their choice -- and don’t have to wait and travel long distances for VA care. Some people have to travel five hours, eight hours, and they'll have to do it on a weekly basis, and even worse than that. It's not going to happen anymore.
This new law is a good start, but there is still much work to do. We will fight each and every day to deliver the long-awaited reforms our veterans deserve, and to protect those who have so courageously protected each and every one of us.
So we've made a lot of strides for the veterans. These are, like, the most incredible people we have in our country as far as I'm concerned, and they have not been taken care of properly.
I want to thank David. You've done an incredible job. And you're going to see some of that on Thursday. So thank you all very much. And we're going to sign this. And I think I’m going to have to give this pen -- the way I look at it, we should probably give it to Phil. What do you think?
PARTICIPANT: I agree.
THE PRESIDENT: Does everybody agree? I think Phil is --
REPRESENTATIVE ROE: I’ll agree with that. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: Phil agrees. But congratulations, everybody. Really fantastic. Thank you very much.
(Bill is signed.) (Applause.)
Phil, maybe you could say a few words, if you’d like.
REPRESENTATIVE ROE: Well, Mr. President, thank you very much. And this was a very, very important bill to get started with so we can get Choice 2.0 to get to the place exactly where the President said he wanted to be. And it’s a privilege to work with all of these great people up here to help make the VA better.
I’ve spent the last week on the break going to Los Angeles and Phoenix to get a firsthand view of what’s going on. And what we want to do is put the veteran in charge of these choices, not the bureaucracy. And I think Dr. Shulkin is just the person to see that happen. Mr. President, thank you so much.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. It’s fantastic.
And David? Where’s David?
DR. SHULKIN: Yeah, I’m right behind you, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Go ahead. I won’t look back. You just talk. (Laughter.)
DR. SHULKIN: Well, first of all, I want to thank everybody here as well, and thank Congress for seeing this done, and Mr. President to be signing this.
This is a good day for veterans. This is a great day to celebrate not only what veterans have contributed to the country, but how we’re making things better for them. And by working together, we’re going to continue this progress. I think, as the President said, we’re actually going to do this a week from Thursday, Mr. President --
THE PRESIDENT: Right.
DR. SHULKIN: -- and talk about the tremendous accomplishments, but most importantly, about the great things that are to come to fulfill the President’s commitments that he made to veterans. And so thank you all for being here today.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Great job. So again, next week, on Thursday, at 2 o’clock -- it may change a little bit, but about that time we’re going to have a conference to talk about the progress and the achievement.
I’d like to ask Rick Scott, the governor of Florida -- he’s done a fantastic job as governor, by the way, and really understands his subject, and really understands a lot of subjects. Rick, do you want to say a few words?
GOVERNOR SCOTT: Sure. Well, I was really proud. My father was in the 82nd Airborne, he did all the combat jumps, and I grew up listening to all his stories about the war. I had the opportunity to serve in the Navy. Unfortunately, in 2014, I had to sue the VA because we had -- our state healthcare agency couldn’t go inspect their hospitals when we heard all the stories about deaths, delays, and poor conditions.
And so Mr. President and I want to thank Congress for doing this to create certainty of care while we figure out how to fix the VA system. And David, I want to thank you for what you’re doing. You’ve got actually the right background to do this. I know President Trump has been focused on our veterans and our military before he was President, and I know he’s going to continue to do a great job. We have 1.5 million veterans. I want them all to move to Florida. (Laughter.) But thank you for doing this, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much.
Most importantly, thank you, thank all of the great veterans. Would you like to say something to all of these people out there? You’ll become a movie star tomorrow. (Laughter.)
PARTICIPANT: Well, our nation will be judged by how it treats its veterans, and I’m sure our country will allow generations -- right now, they’re children, but they’re going to be our future servicemen. And so we have to treat veterans well. It’s about national security, it’s about patriotism, and this is a great step forward to doing it.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Nobody can say it better than that, so we’re going to end. But I want to just thank you all. Thank you for being here. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
11:40 A.M. EDT2:21 P.M. CDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. (Applause.) These are great, great people and these are real workers. I love the workers. We're doing a good job for the workers. And I’m thrilled to be back in Wisconsin. The optimism in this room is the same incredible spirit that is sweeping across our country -- and even greater than that great day in November when I won the state of Wisconsin and when we won the presidency. That was a great day. (Applause.) That was a great day. And thank you, Wisconsin.
No administration has accomplished more in the first 90 days -- that includes on military, on the border, on trade, on regulation, on law enforcement -- we love our law enforcement -- and on government reform.
Today, we’re building on that optimism, and I'm proud to announce that we're about to take bold, new steps to follow through on my pledge to Buy American and Hire American. (Applause.)
I can’t think of a better place to make this announcement than right here at Snap-On -- I just took a tour of the company -- good place, by the way; it's doing well, too -- standing among the workers who make the tools that will rebuild our nation. Your craftsmanship is incredible.
It’s a pleasure to be see my good friend, Governor Scott Walker. He has been such a big help. He has been so incredible. (Applause.) Stand up, Scott. Governor Walker. As well as Senator Ron Johnson. We worked hard together. Thank you, Ron. (Applause.)
And although he could not be here today, my thanks go to Speaker Ryan, who’s represented this city for nearly two decades in Congress. And you know where he is? He’s with NATO -- so he has a good excuse. And I said, Ron, make sure these countries start paying their bills a little bit more. They’re way, way behind, Ron. We have to -- or I'm going to talk to you about that, Ron.
But Paul, you're over with NATO -- get them to pay their bills. And, Ron, you have to work on that, too. And, Scott, you're right here in Wisconsin -- you don't have to bother. We'll keep you right here. (Laughter.) For a little while at least.
Also with us is a famous local resident, the pride of Kenosha -- Reince Priebus, my Chief of Staff. Where is Reince? (Applause.) Where is he? What a good man. There he is. In fact, we flew over his house on the way up and he got all excited, he was taking pictures of it. (Laughter.) Reince went to high school right here, just about a mile away, where he took his wife Sally to the prom. And that was a match made in heaven. Very nice.
I also want to thank Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin for being with us today. Secretary Mnuchin is working to put together a tax reform plan to make our industry more competitive and also to provide a level playing field for our workers. We don't have a level playing field, believe me. You're going to have one very soon. And our tax reform and tax plan is coming along very well. It's going to be out very soon. We're working on healthcare and we're going to get that done, too.
Our Education Secretary, Betsy DeVos, is also here. Where is Betsy? She’s around here someplace. Stand up. Thank you, Betsy. (Applause.) Secretary DeVos is working to ensure that our workers are trained for the skilled technical jobs that will, in the future, power our country.
I’m excited to be joined today by students from Gateway Technical College -- (applause) -- and remember the college president, Bryan Albrecht. Thank you. (Applause.) Great job. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, Bryan. Your partnership with Snap-On is a great example of why vocational education is the way of the future.
When I was growing up in Queens, we had vocational schools that were great. We don't have schools like that so much anymore, but we're bringing them back -- vocational schools. These are very talented people that love that type of work, and it's great work. It really is great work. So vocational schools are going to be a big factor in the Trump administration.
Together, we’re going to do everything in our power to make sure that more products are stamped with those wonderful words: "Made in the USA." (Applause.) In the old days, we used to use it. We don't use it so much anymore. We're going to start using it again -- Made in the USA.
For too long, we’ve watched as our factories have been closed and our jobs have been sent to other faraway lands. We've lost 70,000 factories since China joined the World Trade Organization. And you’ve seen that and you’ve heard about it -- 70,000. The World Trade Organization -- another one of our disasters. But this election, the American people voted to end the theft of American prosperity. They voted to bring back their jobs -- and to bring back their dreams into our country.
That’s why I’m here today. In just a few moments, I will be signing a Buy American and Hire American executive order. You haven't heard about that in a long time in this country. With this action, we are sending a powerful signal to the world: We’re going to defend our workers, protect our jobs, and finally put America first. (Applause.) I see all the "Make America Great Again" hats, so it's a good crowd. Those are good hats.
Through the years, Snap-On tools have been at the center of our industrial life. Your tools have fixed the cars our families depend on. They’ve sailed with the fleets that patrol the oceans. They’ve fixed the planes that cross our skies. And Snap-On tools have reached the heights of space, used by astronauts in orbit to carry out their very, very important work. And I don’t know if you noticed, recently I signed a very big order: We're going to spend again on the NASA space program, and that's something we need, and we also need it psychologically. (Applause.) But it's going to be very exciting.
For decades, this company has served the needs of American workers. It’s time we had a federal government that does the same. The “Buy and Hire American” order I'm about to sign will help protect workers and students like those of you in the audience today. This historic action declares that the policy of our government is to aggressively promote and use American-made goods and to ensure that American labor is hired to do the job. It's America first, you better believe it. (Applause.) It's time. It's time, right? It's time.
First, we will fully monitor, uphold and enforce our Buy American laws -- which we haven’t done. Buy American laws require that when the federal government buys, builds or funds a project, domestic goods and products should be used. But over the years, these Buy American standards have been gutted by excessive waivers and reckless exemptions. The result has been countless jobs and countless contracts that have been lost to cheap, subsidized, and low-quality foreign goods.
With this order, I am directing every single agency in our government to strictly uphold our Buy American laws, to minimize the use of waivers, and to maximize Made in America content in all federal projects. (Applause.) It's time. And for the first time ever, we are going to crack down on foreign bidders that used dumped steel and other subsidized goods to take contracts from workers like you. They take them away, and they've been doing it for a long time. Not going to happy anymore. (Applause.)
We are finally standing up for our workers and for our companies. In short, this order declares that American projects should be made with American goods. No longer are we going to allow foreign countries to cheat our producers and our workers out of federal contracts. Everyone in my administration will be expected to enforce every last Buy American provision on behalf of the American worker, and we are going to investigate every single trade deal that undermines these provisions.
Secondly, we are going to enforce the Hire American rules that are designed to protect jobs and wages of workers in the United States. We believe jobs must be offered to American workers first. Does that make sense? (Applause.) Right now, widespread abuse in our immigration system is allowing American workers of all backgrounds to be replaced by workers brought in from other countries to fill the same job for sometimes less pay. This will stop. American workers have long called for reforms to end these visa abuses. And today, their calls are being answered for the first time. That includes taking the first steps to set in motion a long-overdue reform of H1B visas.
Right now, H1B visas are awarded in a totally random lottery -- and that's wrong. Instead, they should be given to the most-skilled and highest-paid applicants, and they should never, ever be used to replace Americans. No one can compete with American workers when they're given a fair and level playing field, which has not happened for decades.
We're using every tool at our disposal to restore the American Dream. In fact, when it comes to wasteful, destructive, job-killing regulations, we are going to use a tool you all know very well -- it's called the sledgehammer. (Laughter.) It's what we're going to use. We're also going to stand up for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin -- (applause) -- and I've been reading about it, and I've been talking about it for a long time -- and that demands, really, immediately fair trade with all of our trading partners, and that includes Canada. (Applause.) Because in Canada, some very unfair things have happened to our dairy farmers and others, and we're going to strategy working on that with Ron and with Scott and with Paul, with all of your representatives. What's happened to you is very, very unfair. It's another typical one-sided deal against the United States. And it's not going to be happening for long.
So, Scott, you and Ron and myself and Paul and everybody else, we're going to get together and we're going to call Canada, and we're going to say, "What happened?" And they might give us an answer, but we're going to get the solution, not just the answer, okay? Because we know what the solution is, all right? (Applause.) And if you guys can't do it, we'll bring maybe Reince. Reince, you ready, Reince? We better bring Reince back. No, we'll get that done. We're going to work on that very hard. We're going to work on it immediately; in fact, starting today. It's a terrible thing that happened to the farmers of Wisconsin.
The fact is, NAFTA has been a disaster for the United States -- a complete and total disaster. And we’re going to do some things, and we have all sorts of rules and regulations that are horrendous. Like we want to start to negotiate with Mexico immediately, and we have these provisions where you have to wait long periods of time, you have to notify Congress, and after you notify Congress, you have to get certified, and then you can’t speak to them for 100 days. The whole thing is ridiculous.
NAFTA has been very, very bad for our country. It’s been very, very bad for our companies and for our workers, and we’re going to make some very big changes or we are going to get rid of NAFTA for once and for all. Cannot continue like this, believe me. (Applause.)
Big things will be happening on trade with other countries over the coming months, and I mean very big. We’re also working with Congress on tax reform and simplification, and we’re on time if we get that healthcare approval. So press every one of your congressmen, press everybody, because we want to get that approval. And it just makes the tax reform easier and it makes it better. But it’s going to make it steeper, it’s going to be bigger, and that’s what we want to do.
So we’re in very good shape on tax reform. We have the concept of the plan. We’re going to be announcing it very soon. But healthcare -- we have to get the healthcare taken care of. And as soon as healthcare takes care of -- we are going to march very quickly. You’re going to watch -- we’re going to surprise you. Right, Steve Mnuchin? Right? Secretary of Treasury. (Applause.) I see Sean. Stand up, Sean. Stand up.
I had no idea -- I was told a year ago -- he’s been so great to me -- I was told a year ago he’s like a world champion climber; climbs the trees. And after that I look -- every time I look at him, I look at him now differently. I’m very impressed with that, Sean. And he’s also very good on television and very helpful. Thank you. Thank you, man. Thank you.
We’ll be making big investments in rebuilding our military and repairing our badly depleted infrastructure. And that will happen soon also -- infrastructure. Big infrastructure bill, probably use it with something else that’s a little bit harder to get approved in order to get that approved. But infrastructure is coming, and it’s coming fast.
New ships, bridges, tunnels and airplanes will be constructed with American hands, American steel, and, yes, American tools. (Applause.) As we work to restore the American Dream at home, we’re also working to restore America’s standing abroad. That means strengthening our partnerships and ensuring that our friends and allies pay their fair share, and that very much includes, as I’ve already said in my little statement to Paul, it also includes the NATO companies and countries. They are really sort of letting us down in that one respect, and we don’t want people taking advantage of the United States. And that’s not going to happen for very much longer. I’m going over there very soon and we’re going to have it, and everybody is going to be paying. And we’re going to be a much happier country, we’re going to be a much happier world.
No matter the circumstances, everyone will know we act from this core conviction that America’s strength must be unmatched and its first priority unquestioned -- the safety and security of our citizens. This is the surest path to a more peaceful and prosperous world for us all.
Together, we can build a better future in the spirit of this company’s earliest days. Great company, great history. I recently learned that decades ago, in the 1920s, when your salesman entered a dusty repair shop, or stained, a nice, beautiful stained garage floor -- which I’ve seen many of -- they would find a spot to lay out a beautiful green felt mat. The people of the company know what that means. And on that green felt mat, he would carefully place a gleaming set of new Snap-On tools.
The founders of this company wanted their customers to know that the tools of the mechanic were just as important as the tools of the doctor, the dentist, the politician, or the business leader, and that his craft was a noble, noble craft, as noble as any. This is a wonderful story about your company and its Wisconsin heritage. And Wisconsin has a truly great heritage, and it’s led by incredible people.
But it’s also a story that tells us a lot about the American spirit. In America, we honor work. We honor grit. We honor craftsmanship. We honor the men and women who turn dreams into reality with their own two hands. In America, we honor all of you.
We are a nation of builders. We are the country that dug out the Panama Canal, that put a man on the face of the moon, and that linked our cities with majestic railroads and curving highways. We are the country that is always on the cusp of the next invention. But we can only get there with all of you. We can only restore this nation we love so much by working and building with all of you.
We can only get there together. We are the one people sharing one destiny, saluting one great, beautiful American flag. I’m thrilled to be here today to celebrate our great American heritage and to proudly embrace our great American future.
I want to thank the people of Wisconsin for doing so much for me. That’s why I came back here -- not just for the company, frankly, for the people of Wisconsin. You have been so incredible to me and my administration, and we will never, ever let you down.
God bless you. God bless the American worker. God bless the American Dream. And God bless the United States of America. Thank you all very much. Tremendous honor. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
2:42 P.M. CDTTHE PRESIDENT: What a great voice. Thank you very much. Great job. I want to thank everybody. This is the 139th Easter Egg Roll. Think of it -- 139. It began a long time ago -- 1878. And we will be stronger and bigger and better as a nation than ever before. We're right on track. You see what's happening, and we're right on track. So thank you, everybody, for being here.
We're going to do cards for soldiers in a little bit, Melania and Barron and myself. We're going downstairs, we're going to sign some cards to our great troops -- they're cards for troops -- and we look forward to that. And then we're going to come out and join you, and enjoy your company for a roll, a great Easter Egg Roll. And I don’t know if we're going to be successful, but I know a lot of people down there are going to be successful. I've seen those kids, and they're highly, highly competitive. (Laughter.) That I can tell you.
I just want to thank First Lady Melania Trump. She's really worked hard on this. (Applause.) She has been working on this for a long time to make it perfect, and we wanted to keep it just right. So I want to just ask her to speak. But before she speaks, I want to congratulate her on this wonderful, wonderful day. We're going to have a lot of people -- a lot of people -- and they're going to have a great time.
So, Melania, thank you very much. And, Barron, thank you very much for being here. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
Honey -- First Lady, Melania Trump. Thank you, everybody.
MRS. TRUMP: Thank you. Welcome to the White House. This is the first time that my husband and I are hosting this wonderful tradition, and it's great that you are all with us today. I hope you have a great time, with many activities.
I want to thank the military band, all the staff and volunteers who worked tirelessly to ensure that you have a memorable experience. I want to thank all the military with us today -- (applause) -- and all military in this great nation, and servicemen and servicewomen all around the world keeping us safe.
As we renew this tradition, thank you for joining us. On behalf of the President and Barron, we wish you great fun and beautiful days coming ahead of us. And Happy Easter. Thank you. God bless you. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Happy Easter. And have a great, great time. Have a great day. Thank you, folks. Thank you very much. I'm coming down. I'm going to be joining you. Thank you very much. My whole family is here. Thank you.
END
10:31 A.M. EDTTranscript:
My fellow Americans,
This is a season of great hope.
This week, Jewish families across our country, and around the world, celebrate Passover and retell the story of God’s deliverance of the Jewish people. The story of the Exodus is a story of freedom. It is the story of an incredible people who were liberated from oppression and raised up the face of humankind.
Down through the centuries, the Jewish People have lived through one persecution after another–and yet, they persevered and thrived and uplifted the world beyond measure. And now, the State of Israel stands as a monument to their faith and endurance.
Another day of faith and celebration is also upon us.
This Easter Sunday, Christians celebrate the resurrection of Christ and the promise of eternal salvation. It is a holy day of reverence and worship; it is a sacred time that fills the spirit of our Nation with the faith of our people.
America is a Nation of believers.
As families gather in houses of worship across the Nation, we are grateful for the tremendous blessings of this land, our home. We have a beautiful country, an abundant countryside, and an amazing people with a truly bright and wonderful future.
From the beginning, America has been a place that has cherished the freedom of worship. That is the promise the first settlers saw in our vast continent—and it is the promise that our bravest warriors have protected for all of our citizens in centuries since, a long time ago.
Sadly, many around the globe do not enjoy this freedom—and one of the gravest threats to religious freedom remains the threat of terror.
On Palm Sunday, as Christians around the world celebrate the beginning of Holy Week, ISIS murdered at least 45 people and injured over 100 others at two Christian churches in Egypt.
We condemn this barbaric attack. We mourn for those who lost loved ones. And we pray for the strength and wisdom to achieve a better tomorrow—one where good people of all faiths, Christians and Muslims and Jewish and Hindu, can follow their hearts and worship according to their conscience.
With God’s grace, life always triumphs over death, freedom overcomes oppression, and faith extinguishes fear. This is the source of our hope—and our confidence in the future.
I also want to give a special message to those struggling Americans who have felt for too long the bitter taste of hardship. I want you to know: this White House is fighting for you. We are fighting for every American who has been left behind. We are fighting for the right of all citizens to enjoy safety and peace—and to work and live with the dignity that all Children of God are entitled to know.
As long as we have faith in each other, and trust in God, we will succeed.
Thank you. Have a Happy Easter, and a Happy Passover. God bless you. And God bless America.2:26 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, everybody. Sit down, please. Come on, get up here with me, everybody.
CHIEF BAKER: Sir, I bring you greetings on behalf of our honorable mayor, Mayor Kasim Reed. And our men and women of the Atlanta Fire Rescue Department would like to present you with a token of our appreciation.
THE PRESIDENT: That is beautiful. I think I should leave it right here, right? It fits so well. Thank you.
CHIEF BAKER: Thank you, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. I didn’t know I was going to get such a nice -- that is fantastic. Thank you, how are you?
CHIEF BAKER: I'm fine, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: We're going to go around and introduce ourselves, okay? We'll do this first. You know, these folks back here, they're very famous -- most of them -- it's called the media. (Laughter.) They're very honorable people. But you are more honorable, I can tell you that.
CHIEF BAKER: Thank you, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: So I'm honored to be here with you today and welcome you to the White House. The heroes who responded to the terrible bridge collapse on I-85 two weeks ago in Atlanta. That was something. The whole world was watching that one. Today we're joined by members of the Georgia State Patrol, the Atlanta Fire Rescue Department, and the Atlanta Police Department -- great people. On that day, Georgia State police and Atlanta police took fast action to get motorists away from danger. Then, our brave firefighters battled 40-foot flames, which was incredible. What was the reason for those flames? It was something underneath that just was very combustible?
CHIEF BAKER: Yes, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: Yeah, those flames were amazing. They pulled back, by battalion chiefs, and just minutes before the bridge itself collapsed and everybody was safe. That was an amazing thing, and everybody was watching. Your skill and courage saved many lives and represented true strength, and the true strength of America. Really great job, fellas. I'm proud of you. Great job.
To the people of Georgia who were affected by the collapse, my administration stands with you. We've already made a $10 million emergency relief fund available. And I called your governor, who I know very well -- he's a terrific guy -- and I approved it literally the day that it happened. I had a feeling you'd need a little money -- (laughter) -- because I look like a big money deal, right, Elaine? But I approved it immediately, and Elaine took care of it, and we gave fast action.
What happened in Atlanta is a painful reminder of the critical importance of infrastructure. We're going to be doing a lot with infrastructure. You'll be seeing that over the coming weeks -- a tremendous amount. I'm committed to funding a massive nationwide infrastructure program to rebuild, repair, and construct the roads and bridges of the future of this country. This is necessary as a matter of both safety and economic growth, and it's necessary to improve our quality of life as Americans.
We will also continue to seek proper funding for law enforcement and public safety in our country. On behalf of the entire nation, I salute you -- you're really amazing people -- and I honor your service. I pledge that you will have the support of our country -- the police, the firefighters, first responders -- you will always have the support of President Trump. I think you know that very well. And I thank you for the great job and the fast action. Really fantastic. A lot of bravery.
Maybe we could just go around and introduce yourselves. And, who knows, maybe you'll become a movie star after this. (Laughter.) After all this, you'll become a movie star. If they like the way you look or sound, you'll become a star.
Go ahead.
CHIEF BAKER: Well, thank you again, sir. My name is Joel Baker, the fire chief of the city of Atlanta Fire Rescue Department.
THE PRESIDENT: And how tall are you, Joel?
CHIEF BAKER: I'm 6'6", sir.
THE PRESIDENT: That's all? I thought it was much more than that. I think you're taller than that. (Laughter.) Okay, good. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Go ahead.
MR. BURKETT: I'm Trooper Thomas Burkett with the Georgia State Patrol.
MR. HEALD: And I'm Sergeant Ryan Heald from the Atlanta Police Department.
MR. MCLEMORE: I'm Battalion Chief James McLemore from the Atlanta Fire Rescue Department.
MR. GIUNTA: I'm Trooper John Giunta with the Georgia State Patrol.
MR. CAMPBELL: I'm Sergeant Anthony Campbell, Atlanta Fire Rescue Airport Division.
MR. BAKER: I'm senior police officer Michael Baker from the Atlanta Police Department.
SECRETARY CHAO: Elaine Chao, Secretary of Transportation.
MR. ADKINS: Captain Arthur Adkins, Atlanta Fire Rescue Department.
MR. TISDALE: I'm Trooper Harold Tisdale, Jr. with the Georgia State Patrol.
MR. MCKOY: Trooper First Class Kendell McKoy, Georgia State Patrol.
MR. BOSSERT: I'm Tom Bossert. I'm the President's Homeland Security Advisor.
MR. HATCHER: Battalion Chief Douglas Hatcher, Atlanta Fire Rescue Department.
MR. KUSRA: Sergeant First Class Thomas Kustra with Georgia State Patrol.
MR. BRYANT: Assistant Chief of Atlanta Police Department, Rodney Bryant.
THE PRESIDENT: Great, Rodney. Well, thank you very much. So who's the bravest person in this room? That's what I want to know. Raise your hands if you're the bravest person. Huh? Maybe it's -- (laughter) -- I thought so. I thought so.
SECRETARY CHAO: Do you want --
THE PRESIDENT: Go ahead.
MR. CRONIN: Sergeant First Class John Cronin, Georgia State Patrol.
MR. SEVERANCE: Officer Ryan Severance with the Atlanta Police Department.
THE PRESIDENT: Elaine, would you like to say something?
SECRETARY CHAO: Mr. President, beside you and around you are true heroes of our country. They demonstrate courage, steadfastness, commitment, and fealty to their oaths to serve our communities in need.
This fire was reported at 6:12 p.m., right in the middle of rush hour, on March 30th. By 6:20, this team was on site addressing the issues. Governor Nathan Deal also deserves some credit because he has, as a matter of policy, pre-positioned state troopers around I-85 to move any traffic incident right out of the way. So that helped a great deal. By 7:00, the bridge had collapsed. By 8:00, these brave men, leaders of their own communities, basically had the fire under control. The U.S. Department of Transportation was on site, and we worked hand-in-hand with these great heroes. And as you mentioned, $10 million from your administration went out within one hour of the governor making this request.
The good story following all of this is also that the repairs and recovery of this whole scene will occur very quickly. You will like them, because they will come in under budget and on time.
THE PRESIDENT: That's good. I love to hear the words "under budget" and "under schedule," right? (Laughter.) We used to call it "ahead of schedule." Now we say "under schedule." But that will be great.
And I have to tell you, Governor Nathan Deal did call me immediately as this was happening, and he sort of said, could you be ready? Because we're going to need some emergency money fast. And we were ready and we got him the money immediately.
And again, we want to thank everybody in the room very much. And, Secretary, congratulations.
SECRETARY CHAO: Not at all. Again, I told them that you are really approachable and that you would enjoy meeting them so much. They were a little bit apprehensive about meeting you, so they're just so thrilled. And Chief Baker and also Chief Bryant, these are the two leaders here, and they both said what an honor it is to be at the White House, to be with you. And you have done the first responder community a tremendous honor by honoring them. And they want to make sure -- because they're saying that you are sending a message to all the first responders that you value them. So, Chief Bryant, why don’t you say that to the President? (Laughter.)
CHIEF BRYANT: Yes, ma'am. I stand with her, Mr. President, that this is not only a great day for the city of Atlanta and Atlanta Fire Rescue Department, but it's a great day for all the public safety personnel throughout the country to include the department of fire, police, state patrols throughout the country, corrections department. But all the public safety really appreciate the opportunity that you're recognizing public safety members.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, Chief, I have great respect for the people that do what you do. It's amazing bravery. And the speed is incredible. So, again, I want to thank you. And I think what we'll do is, when we're finished here we'll talk, and then, unless you don’t want to do this, but I know you do, we'll go right across the hall to the Oval Office and we'll have some pictures. Is that okay? The Oval Office. It is -- believe me, I've been in a lot of good offices. (Laughter.) It is a special office, okay? So we'll go over there, we'll take some pictures, okay?
CHIEF BRYANT: Yes, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you all very much.
Q (Inaudible) bomb in Afghanistan?
THE PRESIDENT: It was really another successful job. We're very, very proud of our military. Just like we're proud of the folks in this room, we're so proud of our military. And it was another successful event.
Q Did you authorize this --
THE PRESIDENT: Everybody knows exactly what happened. And what I do is I authorize my military. We have the greatest military in the world, and they've done their job as usual. So we have given them total authorization, and that's what they're doing. And, frankly, that's why they've been so successful lately. If you look at what's happened over the last eight weeks and compare that really to what's happened over the last eight years, you'll see there's a tremendous difference -- tremendous difference.
So we have incredible leaders in the military, and we have incredible military. And we are very proud of them. And this was another very, very successful mission.
Thank you very much.
Q Does this send a message to North Korea?
THE PRESIDENT: I don’t know if this sends a message. It doesn’t make any difference if it does or not. North Korea is a problem. The problem will be taken care of. I will say this: I think China has really been working very hard. I have really gotten to like and respect, as you know, President Xi. He's a terrific person. We spent a lot of time together in Florida. And he's a very special man, so we'll see how it goes. I think he's going to try very hard.
Thank you.
END
2:37 P.M. EDTOld State Department Library
Eisenhower Executive Office Building
10:55 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you all for being here. Very much appreciate it. I want to thank Steve Schwarzman for putting together this very incredible group of world-class business leaders. That's what you are. Also, joining us are Secretary Betsy DeVos, Secretary Wilbur Ross, Secretary Elaine Chao, EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, and my budget director, Mick Mulvaney. That's an easy job. Where's Mick? (Laughter.) Such an easy job. It's the easiest job of anybody in the government -- right, Mick?
At the top of our agenda is the creation of great high-paying jobs for American workers. And we've made a lot of process. You see what's going on; you see the numbers. We've created over 600,000 jobs already in a very short period of time, and it's going to really start catching on now, because some of the things that we've done are big league and they are catching on.
Already, we've created more than almost 600,000 jobs. And yesterday, Toyota just announced that it will invest more than $1.3 billion -- it's probably going to be $1.9 billion -- into its Georgetown, Kentucky plant, an investment that would not have been made if we didn’t win the election.
We have a lot of work to do. In the last two decades, our nation has lost a third of its manufacturing jobs, and our business tax is one of the highest in the world. It actually is, of developed countries, the single highest tax anywhere in the world.
For too long, we've punished production in America and rewarded companies for leaving our country. And we're going to reverse that. We would reward companies, give them incentives to leave. NAFTA is a disaster. It's been a disaster from the day it was devised. And we're going to have some very pleasant surprises for you on NAFTA, that I can tell you.
My administration has already taken historic action to unleash job creation. We've signed dozens of bills and executive actions to reduce federal overreach and expand domestic production.
On the environment, we're going to be very, very careful on the environment. It's very important to me and the administration. But we've allowed a lot of companies to go back to work. They were being restricted; their jobs were being restricted. We've unleashed a lot of companies, especially right now in the energy sector -- you see what's going on there. It was impossible for people to do what they had to do, and now they can do it. It's all done.
We’re also working to modernize our economy and harness the full potential of women in the workforce, which is crucial to our economic success. Economic confidence is sweeping the nation. You saw the new survey that came out. It's at 93 -- which is the highest it's ever been -- 93 percent of manufacturers are optimistic about the future. It was a 27 percent increase over two months ago when it was also high because of the administration, and much higher than it's ever been -- 93 percent. Highest it's ever been.
This is just the beginning. We're going to reduce taxes. We're going to eliminate wasteful regulations, which we've already done -- probably 25 percent. You can take a look at Dodd-Frank. For the bankers in the room, they'll be very happy because we're really doing a major streamlining and, perhaps, elimination, and replacing it with something else. But that will be the minimum. But we're doing a major elimination of the horrendous Dodd-Frank regulations, keeping some obviously, but getting rid of many.
And we're going to put many millions of people back to work. The banks will be able to lend again. So many people come to see me, I see them all the time -- small businesses -- they're unable to borrow from banks. They never had a problem five, six, seven, ten years ago. They had great bankers. They had great relationships. Now they can't borrow. And we're going to let the banks loan them money, and they can build their businesses.
So with your help and insights, we will use the private sector innovation to drive job creation and reform government. A lot of reform. We have a computer system in this country that's 40 years old. So when you hear we're hacked and we're this, that -- we're like easy targets. And one of the things we're doing, in fact -- we're working with a very, very wonderful woman from IBM, and others -- and others, okay? (Laughter.) Many others. It's like when I said to Lockheed, I like the F-35 fighter jet, but then I said, but I also like the Boeing F-18. Okay? (Laughter.) So I love your computers, but we’re also looking at others, all right?
But we are. We’re going to have a massive program to modernize our equipment -- ideally get brand-new equipment. The cost of maintaining our computers is a number that is so high that it’s not even a believable number. Now, I’ve heard anywhere -- is this possible? -- from $39 billion to $89 billion a year. Is that even possible? That’s for keeping our computers updated and running. And I think we can buy a whole new system for less money than that, wouldn’t you say? I mean, I hope so. We’ll give you $10 billion right now -- modernize it. (Laughter.)
So I want to thank everybody for being here. I know most of you. You really are the top. And I want to thank my friend, Jack Welch, for being with us too. I’ve known Jack so long. We did deals together, right? Trump International -- a big success -- and the other one on Park Avenue. We had great success together with your real estate group who are terrific people. Dale Fry and everybody -- right? Terrific. And John. So I just want to thank you. You’ve been a special guy for a long time.
And we’ll get down to business. Maybe before the media leaves, we can go around the room, and we’ll just introduce. We all know Steve, and I want to thank you, Steve, for putting the group together.
MR. SCHWARZMAN: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Would you like to say something while all those cameras are running?
MR. SCHWARZMAN: I think we should say that we’ve had a really interesting day so far. What we did is we divided into five groups, meeting with each of the five Secretaries that the President mentioned. It’s an open discussion. The Secretaries presented what they were trying to achieve, and we had several people from the forum meeting with them and making comments on what they were doing to hopefully make their jobs better.
We’ve been looking at trade, education and workforce development, energy and the environment, regulatory reform, and infrastructure. All these things are really important, and we’re focused. The people in the administration are also focused. And working together, hopefully we’ll have a bunch of really good outcomes.
THE PRESIDENT: We will.
MR. LESSER: Rich Lesser, Boston Consulting Group.
MR. COSGROVE: Toby Cosgrove, Cleveland Clinic.
MS. ROMETTY: Ginni Rometty, IBM.
MS. BARRA: Mary Barra, General Motors.
MR. ATKINS: Paul Atkins, Patomak Global Partners.
MR. YERGIN: Dan Yergin, IHS Markit.
MR. PRUITT: Scott Pruitt, EPA Administrator.
MR. FINK: Larry Fink, BlackRock.
MR. WARSH: Kevin Warsh, Stanford University.
MR. WEINBERGER: Mark Weinberger, EY.
MR. MCNERNEY: Jim McNerney, Ex, Boeing.
MR. MCMILLION: Doug McMillon, Walmart.
MS. NOOYI: Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo.
MR. ROSE: Matt Rose, BNSF.
MR. HOWARD: Philip Howard, (inaudible).
MR. OGUNLESI: Bayo Ogunlesi, Global Infrastructure Partners.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you.
END
11:02 A.M. EDT11:04 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Friends and distinguished guests, welcome to the White House. We are gathered here today for a truly momentous occasion in our democracy -- the swearing-in of a United States Supreme Court justice.
In particular, I’m greatly honored to welcome to these grounds every sitting justice of the United States Supreme Court. Welcome. (Applause.) Thank you.
Mr. Chief Justice, and fellow justices, it’s a privilege to have you here, to join in this historic moment on this very beautiful spring day in the Rose Garden. Spring is really the perfect backdrop for this joyful gathering of friends, because, together, we are in a process of reviewing and renewing, and also rebuilding, our country. A new optimism is sweeping across our land, and a new faith in America is filling our hearts and lifting our sights.
I’d also like to recognize Senator Cory Gardner, Mike Lee -- where’s Mike? He’s around here someplace -- thank you. And Mike Crapo. Good. Hi, Mike. Thank you very much, and for all your work. Thank you. (Applause.) And although he could not be here today, I especially want to express our gratitude to Senator Mitch McConnell for all that he did to make this achievement possible. So, thank you, Mitch. (Applause.)
I'd also like to give my appreciation to Chairman Grassley for conducting such a fair and professional confirmation. Senator Grassley. Where is Senator Grassley? (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you, Senator. Finally, a profound thank you to Louise Gorsuch, and to all of the Gorsuch family. Thank you. (Applause.) And, Louise, I've heard it firsthand, I know what a total inspiration you are to your husband and to your entire family. So thank you very much. Fantastic. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
We are here to celebrate history -- the taking of the judicial oath by the newest member of the United States Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch. Justice Gorsuch, I just want to congratulate you and your entire family. It's something so special. In fact, I've always heard that the most important thing that a President of the United States does is appoint people -- hopefully great people like this appointment -- to the United States Supreme Court. And I can say this is a great honor. (Applause.) And I got it done in the first 100 days -- that's even nice. (Laughter.) You think that's easy?
This ceremony has special meaning as Justice Gorsuch is filling the seat of one of the greatest Supreme Court judges in American history, and that's Antonin Scalia, who is a terrific -- was a terrific judge and a terrific person. Justice Scalia was a patriot who revered our Constitution. He was beloved by many, very many, who are here today, and he is deeply missed by all of us.
I want to at this time recognize his incredible wife, Maureen, who I got to know very well over the last short period of time. And, Maureen, please stand up. Thank you very much. (Applause.) Thank you and your family. Thank you. Thank you, Maureen.
Americans are blessed to have in Neil Gorsuch a man who will, likewise, be a devoted servant of the law. Over the past two months, the American people have gotten to know, respect and truly admire our newest member of the United States Supreme Court. In Justice Gorsuch, they see a man of great and unquestioned integrity. They see a man of unmatched qualifications. And most of all, and most importantly, they see a man who is deeply faithful to the Constitution of the United States. He will decide cases based not on his personal preferences, but based on a fair and objective reading of the law.
Today, we have all three branches of government represented at this event. It is a very special thing -- and a very special happening. And it’s worth taking just a minute to remember what it all means.
In our Founders’ incredible wisdom, they gave each branch of government a different role in our Great Republic. We have a Congress to write the laws on behalf of the people. We have a President to enforce those laws and defend our nation. And we have a Supreme Court to apply and interpret the law, in a fair and impartial manner, when disagreements arise. The Founders separated power because they knew it was the best way to protect our citizens and keep our Constitution secure.
Justice Gorsuch, you are now entrusted with the sacred duty of defending our Constitution. Our country is counting on you to be wise, impartial and fair -- to serve under our laws, not over them, and to safegaurd the right of the people to govern their own affairs. I have no doubt you will rise to the occasion and that the decisions you will make will not only protect our Constitution today, but for many generations of Americans to come.
In just a moment, Justice Gorsuch will be sworn in by Justice Kennedy, a great man of outstanding accomplishment. Throughout his nearly 30 years on the Supreme Court, Justice Kennedy has been praised by all for his dedicated and dignified service. We owe him an enormous debt of gratitude, and I am honored that he is with us today. (Applause.)
This is a very, very special moment, because many years ago a young Neil Gorsuch started his legal career as a law clerk to Justice Kennedy. You remember that, right? (Laughter.) It is a fitting testament to Justice Kennedy’s impact that, upon giving the oath to Justice Gorsuch, he will become the first ever Supreme Court justice to serve with one of his former law clerks. It’s sort of a big deal, isn't it? (Applause.) Sort of like that. That's sort of good. It has never happened before. That's pretty good. Also shows you have a lot of respect for this man. Very good.
We’re thrilled to share this historic moment with Justice Kennedy, with all of you here today, and with all Americans watching us at home.
Justice Gorsuch, I again congratulate you and your entire family, and I wish God’s blessings on your amazing journey ahead. I have no doubt you will go down as one of the truly great justices in the history of the United States Supreme Court.
I now invite Justice Kennedy to say a few words. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
JUSTICE KENNEDY: Thank you, Mr. President. Mr. Chief Justice, Justice Gorsuch, and my fellow adherents to the idea and the reality of the rule of law: As many of you know, there are two oaths that a member of the federal judiciary must take. The first is the constitutional oath that so many of you are familiar with that applies to all three branches of the government. The second oath is one that applies just to federal judges.
Both of the oaths date from the founding of the Republic; the judicial oath dates from 1789. And both of these oaths remind us that we as a people are bound together, we as a people find our self-definition, our respect, our heritage, and our destiny in the Constitution.
And so, Justice Gorsuch, there is one oath remaining for you to take -- the judicial oath -- before you may receive and accept your commission from the President of the United States.
Are you ready, Justice Gorsuch, to take the oath?
(The oath is administered.)
JUDGE GORSUCH: I see before me so many to whom I owe so much. I know I would not be here today without your friendship and support. Thank you all from the bottom of my heart.
I want to thank the President for nominating me and for the great confidence and trust he's reposed in me. I want to thank the Vice President for his constant encouragement and friendship throughout this process.
It's not possible to mention here everyone I should mention, but I'd be remiss if I didn’t thank the President's counsel, Don McGahn, and Mark Paoletta, the Vice President's counsel, and every single person in the White House Counsel's Office for their tremendous and tireless support.
I want thank Kelly Ayotte and my day-to-day team for their humor, for their sage advice, for their faith, as we spent months and so many miles trooping together through the Senate complex. I want to thank every single person -- and there are so many -- in the White House and the Department of Justice who worked through so many late nights and long weeks on my behalf.
I want to thank, too, Senator McConnell and Senator Grassley and their excellent teams for their support and leadership. And I must thank my former law clerks and my dear friends who gave so much of themselves so selflessly through these last three months. You are dear to me. This is truly your doing, and this is your day.
I wish I could mention each of you by name, but you know who you are and you know your names are etched in my heart forever.
This process has reminded me just how outrageously blessed I am in my law clerks, and my family, and my friends. And I hope that I may continue to rely on each of you as I face this new challenge.
To my former colleagues and the wonderful staff of the 10th Circuit, I thank you for your faithful service and your friendship over so many years. To my new the very warm welcome. I look forward to many happy years together.
And I cannot tell you how honored I am to have here today my mentor, Justice Kennedy, administer the judicial oath, a beautiful oath, as he did for me 11 years ago when I became a Circuit judge.
To the Scalia family, I won't ever forget that the seat I inherit today is that of a very, very great man.
To my wife, Louise, and my daughters, Emma and Bindi, thank you for your perseverance and your patience, your courage and your love. I simply could not have attempted this without you.
And to the American people, I am humbled by the trust placed in me today. I will never forget that to whom much is given, much will be expected. And I promise you that I will do all my powers permit to be a faithful servant of the Constitution and laws of this great nation.
Thank you. (Applause.)
END
11:21 A.M. EDT11:22 A.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I just want to say that President Xi and all of his representatives have been really interesting to be with. I think we have made tremendous progress in our relationship with China. My representatives have been meeting one-on-one with their counterparts from China. And I think, truly, progress has been made. We'll be making a lot of additional progress.
The relationship developed by President Xi and myself I think is outstanding. We look forward to being together many times in the future. And I believe lots of very potentially bad problems will be going away.
So I just want to thank President Xi for being with us in the United States. It's a tremendous honor for me and all of my representatives to host the President and his representatives. And again, progress has been made.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
(President Xi speaks in Chinese.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I agree 100 percent, Mr. President. And thank you very much. And again, a tremendous honor to have you in the United States and in Mar-a-Lago. Thank you very much.
END
11:26 A.M. EDTYour browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript:
My Fellow Americans,
We're only 11 weeks in, but already my administration has achieved historic progress for the American people – in fact, 93% of our domestic manufacturers have expressed optimism in the future, a record.
The confidence we are seeing in our Nation is about jobs and opportunity – but it's also about safety and security.
Security begins at the border – as a candidate, I pledged to take swift and decisive action to secure the border, and that is exactly what I have done. We inherited a full-fledged border crisis – it was a disaster. Yet, with quick and bold steps, we have so far exceeded even the most bullish predictions for the progress we could make in so short a period of time. Last month, we saw a 64% reduction in illegal immigration on our southern border.
At the same time, we are conducting enforcement actions across the country to remove dangerous criminal aliens from our society – and they’ll be gone. In just the last few days our Nation's ICE officers have arrested 153 criminal aliens in south Texas, 84 criminal aliens in the Pacific Northwest, and 31 criminal aliens in Long Island, New York – these arrests include aliens convicted of robbery, burglary, aggravated assault, sexual assault against a child, smuggling, drug dealing, and many more.
Much work needs to be done to reverse decades of harm caused by open border policies from Washington – but, with time, dedication, and effort, we will get the job done, and save countless lives in the process.
Providing security for the American People also means restoring America's standing in the world.
From the very start of my Presidency, I have worked to strengthen our alliances and improve our relationships all around the globe.
This week, I was honored to welcome the President of Egypt and the King of Jordan to the White House. Now, I am hosting a summit with President Xi of China at the Southern White House to address the many critical issues affecting our two peoples.
In our dealings with other nations, our conversations have been candid, open, and grounded in mutual respect.
I have been clear about advocating for the national interests of the United States, something so important to me, and so important to our people – one of the reasons, certainly, that I got elected. And I want to ensure that the decisions we make truly serve the safety and security of our citizens.
In matters both economic and military, we understand that a strong America is in the best interests of the world – that is why it is so important that as we strengthen international partnerships, we ensure these partnerships deliver real results for Americans and the American people.
Our decisions will be guided by our values and our goals – and we will reject the path of inflexible ideology that too often leads to unintended consequences.
A future of peace, safety, and prosperity – that is our guiding light, and always will be.
Together, we will bring about this future for the land we love, and for the people who call it home.
We love our country, and we love the American people. Thank you.9:40 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: My fellow Americans: On Tuesday, Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad launched a horrible chemical weapons attack on innocent civilians. Using a deadly nerve agent, Assad choked out the lives of helpless men, women, and children. It was a slow and brutal death for so many. Even beautiful babies were cruelly murdered in this very barbaric attack. No child of God should ever suffer such horror.
Tonight, I ordered a targeted military strike on the airfield in Syria from where the chemical attack was launched. It is in this vital national security interest of the United States to prevent and deter the spread and use of deadly chemical weapons. There can be no dispute that Syria used banned chemical weapons, violated its obligations under the Chemical Weapons Convention, and ignored the urging of the U.N. Security Council.
Years of previous attempts at changing Assad's behavior have all failed, and failed very dramatically. As a result, the refugee crisis continues to deepen and the region continues to destabilize, threatening the United States and its allies.
Tonight, I call on all civilized nations to join us in seeking to end the slaughter and bloodshed in Syria, and also to end terrorism of all kinds and all types. We ask for God's wisdom as we face the challenge of our very troubled world. We pray for the lives of the wounded and for the souls of those who have passed. And we hope that as long as America stands for justice, then peace and harmony will, in the end, prevail.
Goodnight. And God bless America and the entire world. Thank you.
END
9:43 P.M. EDTEn Route West Palm Beach, Florida
2:08 P.M. EDT
Q (In progress.) -- the Chinese President?
THE PRESIDENT: North Korea and trade.
Q And on North Korea, you had said in the -- interview that you’re willing to act alone if China doesn’t step up. What are you going to try to get from the Chinese?
THE PRESIDENT: Certainly, I would be. But I think China will want to be stepping up.
Q What do you want them to do specifically?
THE PRESIDENT: You’re going to see. We’ll be talking about it.
Q Have you told members of Congress --
THE PRESIDENT: The President just arrived. He just landed in Palm Beach, so I just saw that.
Q Mr. President, have you told members of Congress that you’re considering using military action in Syria?
THE PRESIDENT: I don’t want to mention that, but the answer is no, I haven’t.
Q So what should we make now, going -- I think we’re ending the 13th week or so -- how your staff is doing? Are you shaking things up and rebooting a little bit?
THE PRESIDENT: I’ve shaken them up, and I think we’ve had one of the most successful 13 weeks in the history of Presidents. If you look at all that we’ve done and all of the jobs we’ve created, if you look at the kind of cost-cutting we’ve been able to achieve with the military and at the same time ordering vast amounts of equipment -- saved hundreds of millions of dollars on airplanes, and really billions, because if you take that out over a period of years it’s many billions of dollars -- I think we’ve had a tremendous success. And we’ve just begun. And we’re going to have a very interesting couple of days.
Q In terms of your staff, though, are you realigning your staff?
Q Are you committed to doing something in Syria?
THE PRESIDENT: I don’t want to say what I’m going to be doing with respect to Syria.
Q What would you like the Chinese president to do regarding North Korea?
THE PRESIDENT: We have been treated unfairly and have made terrible deals -- trade deals with China for many, many years. So that’s one of the things we’re going to be talking about. The other thing, of course, is going to be North Korea, and somehow they will mix. They really do mix. So we’re going to be talking about both trade, North Korea, and many other things.
Q Will the use of nuclear option change how you consider which nominees to put before the Senate?
THE PRESIDENT: No, not at all. No. We have a great person right now in Judge Gorsuch, I mean a great person. And hopefully if there is a second one for me during my administration -- and there could be as many as four -- in fact, under a certain scenario there could even be more than that -- but no, I don’t think the nuclear option has any impact on that at all.
Q What do you think of Devin Nunes recusing himself this morning? Were you briefed on that? Was that a good decision?
THE PRESIDENT: He’s a very good person. I just heard that he did. I think he’s a very good person, he’s a very honorable guy. And I think he did that maybe for his own reason. He’s a high-quality person. And the gentleman replacing him, who I don’t know, I hear is a very, very highly respected man, high-quality.
Q -- for him sharing classified information? Did he share classified information?
THE PRESIDENT: With who? What?
Q For the ethics investigation now undergoing for him sharing classified information. Do you think he’s guilty of sharing classified information?
THE PRESIDENT: Nobody shared it with me, that I can tell you --
Q Mr. President --
THE PRESIDENT: -- because I haven’t looked.
Q Mr. President, two questions. Do you think Assad should leave power? And will you discuss the Syria --
THE PRESIDENT: What Assad did is terrible. I think what happened in Syria is one of the truly egregious crimes and it shouldn’t have happened and it shouldn’t be allowed to happen.
Q Have you talked to Putin about this? Will you talk to the Russian president about what happened?
THE PRESIDENT: At some point, I may. I haven’t, but at some point I may.
Q Just to follow on that, though, do you think that Assad should leave power in Syria?
THE PRESIDENT: I think what happened in Syria is a disgrace to humanity. And he’s there, and I guess he’s running things, so something should happen.
Thanks, folks, I’ll see you in a little while.
END
2:12 P.M. EDTEast Room
9:28 A.M. EDT
THE VICE PRESIDENT: To all the heroes who are gathered here, to their families, to the patrons of this great project, members of Congress, on behalf of my wife, Karen, it is my great honor standing beside the President of the United States and the First Lady to welcome you all to the White House. (Applause.)
We're grateful to have so many who are of such great consequence to our armed forces with us today, as well as those who serve our veterans -- our Secretary David Shulkin, Secretary Ryan Zinke -- who serve in this Cabinet. But on behalf of the President and the First Family, a special thank you to Lieutenant General Michael Linnington and Deven Schei. The Wounded Warrior Project is a source of great comfort to our veterans across the country, and it is an inspiration to the nation. (Applause.)
Since 2003, the Wounded Warrior Project has faithfully served men and women who have been injured in the defense of freedom and paid a small debt of gratitude that this nation will never be able to fully repay.
The White House has hosted the Wounded Warrior Project’s Soldier Ride every year since 2008, and the President and the First Family, and Karen and I, are so proud to be a part of continuing this important tradition. In fact, we're bikers, and Karen and I hope someday to join the Wounded Warrior bikers ride on a sunny day in the future. (Laughter.)
From the bottom of my heart, let me just say thank you for your service. And also, let me say as the proud parents of a United States Marine, it is the greatest privilege of my life to serve as Vice President to a President who cares so deeply about the men and women of our armed forces and the veterans of this country. (Applause.)
So now let me say to all the heroes who are with us and their families, it is my high honor and distinct privilege to introduce this morning your Commander-in-Chief, the 45th President of the United States of America, President Donald Trump. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. I want to thank you, Vice President Pence, for your wonderful introduction but maybe more importantly for your incredible service to our country. You have done an incredible job. Thank you very much. (Applause.) Melania and I are deeply honored to join you all today, and to stand here among real heroes. These are real heroes.
Secretary Shulkin and Secretary Zinke, right in front of us, working so hard. I want to thank you for joining us as we pay tribute to America’s warriors -- and I call them America's winners, because they are winners -- and mark this year’s Soldiers Ride.
The Soldier Ride has been very, very unique. Lieutenant General Linnington, Deven Schei, and all of the dedicated people at the Wounded Warrior Project, thank you for organizing this event. Really great job. An amazing event. And thank you for serving those who have so bravely served our nation.
On behalf of the country, let me extend to all of the riders and your families the warmest possible welcome into, I call it, the People’s House. This is the People's House. It's the White House, but it's the People's House. And I thank you all very much, especially all of the folks that are on stage with me. You are something very, very amazing and special. Thank you. (Applause.)
You've risked all that you have, all that you possess, to keep our people safe and our democracy secure. And we're going to keep it going, folks, for a long time, that I can tell you. In your honor, we're going to keep it going.
You've earned our freedom with your sweat and your blood and your incredible sacrifice. We salute you, we salute your service, and we salute the flag you have so courageously protected. We love our flag. Thank you. (Applause.)
The story of today’s event is a story about America and the strength of her citizens. In 2004, a young man working in a tavern in the East End of Long Island -- I know that end of Long Island very well -- was moved by a desire to help his fellow Americans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan. So Chris Carney had an idea. With the support of friends, Chris rode a bike across the country to raise funds and awareness for the Wounded Warrior Project. Great people. He biked 4,000 miles -- wow -- where's Chris? Where is Chris? Chris, stand up. 4,000 -- man. (Applause.) Wow. And raised, at the time, one million dollars.
This act of devotion to our heroes inspired others. And since that first year, the Soldier Ride -- it's why we're here today -- has become an annual event that unites and uplifts our nation. President Bush hosted the first Soldier Ride at the White House in 2008. And I am proud to continue this incredible tradition, and we're going to keep it going for a long time. I should have it for about seven more years. (Applause.)
Most of all, I'm proud to stand here today, before all of you, and to share with the nation the depth of our gratitude and the height of our total admiration for these folks, for our veterans, for anybody in uniform. And that includes our great men and women in blue. And I want to thank all of them, because they are just incredible people.
Each of you has forged in battle the sacred bonds of loyalty that link our people together. Our country, our values, our very way of life, endures because of you, and it endures because brave Americans raise up in every generation -- and they really do -- they rise to the occasion like nobody can rise to an occasion -- to fight for this country and to defend its citizens with every ounce of blood, sweat, and tears in their bodies.
Our way of life continues because of men and women who are willing to sacrifice anything and everything to protect their fellow warriors, and to protect all of us. You have not only poured out the blood -- and all of your blood, in some cases -- for this country, but you have poured out the love from your souls and from your hearts. Each of you has carved your place into the history of this incredible nation and, I can tell you, into our hearts.
It is that love which brings us here today, which binds us together as one people, and which offers us the hope and promise of a future that is safe and secure and free. With one grateful heart, and one mighty spirit, the people of our nation thank you -- they really thank you -- and embrace you as you carry on this magnificent Soldier Ride. Good job. Good job.
May God bless you, may God bless our incredible country, may God bless our warriors, and let's have a great ride. Because I'll tell you what -- I couldn’t do it. (Laughter.) Thank you. Thank you. Congratulations. (Applause.) Congratulations.
END
9:38 A.M. EDT1:10 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Your Majesty, thank you for being with us today. Very much appreciate it. This is our second meeting since my inauguration, but our first at the White House. A very special place, I can tell you that. I've gotten to know it well. Long hours. Very special.
It's really an honor to welcome you here today. But before we begin, let me say a few words about recent events.
Yesterday, a chemical attack -- a chemical attack that was so horrific, in Syria, against innocent people, including women, small children, and even beautiful little babies. Their deaths was an affront to humanity. These heinous actions by the Assad regime cannot be tolerate.
The United States stands with our allies across the globe to condemn this horrific attack and all other horrific attacks, for that matter.
Your Majesty, Jordanians are known for their legendary hospitality, and we will do our very best to be equally gracious hosts. They're also known, however -- I have to say this -- for their fighting ability. And you are a great warrior, and we appreciate it. Thank you.
The historical ties and close friendship between our two countries dates back three-quarters of a century. In that time, the Middle East has faced many periods of crisis and unrest, perhaps never like it is today, however. Through them all, America has looked to Jordan as a valued partner, an advocate for the values of civilization, and a source of stability and hope.
I am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship -- which I will -- and to strengthening America’s longstanding support for Jordan. And you do have tremendous support within our country, I can tell you that.
As we know, the Middle East -- and the entire world -- is faced with one of its gravest threats in many, many years. Since the earliest days of the campaign against ISIS, Jordan has been a staunch ally and partner, and we thank you for that. Jordanian servicemembers have made tremendous sacrifices in this battle against the enemies of civilization, and I want to thank all of them for their, really, just incredible courage. So many have been lost, and we pay homage. So many.
In King Abdullah, America is blessed with a thoughtful and determined partner. He is a man who has spent years commanding his country’s special forces. He really knows what being a soldier is, that I can tell you. And he knows how to fight. The King has been a leader in calling for a plan to defeat ISIS once and for all. And I'm with you on that. We’re both leaders on that, believe me. That's what we speak about today, and that is what we are going to do. And it will be a shorter fight than a lot of people are thinking about, believe me. We've made tremendous strides as we discussed.
As you know, we had a very, very fine delegation come over from Egypt and also from Iraq, and they said more has been done in the last six weeks than has been done in years with the previous administration. And believe me, we're going to keep it that way.
We will destroy ISIS and we will protect civilization. We have no choice -- we will protect civilization. King Abdullah and I also discussed measures to combat the evil ideology that inspires ISIS and plagues our planet. In addition, we also acknowledge the vital role that Jordan has played in hosting refugees from the conflict in Syria. We have just announced that the United States will contribute additional funds to Jordan for humanitarian assistance. This aid will help countries like Jordan host refugees until it is safe for them to return home. The refugees want to return home. I know that from so many other instances. They want to return back to their home. And that's a goal of any responsible refugee policy.
Finally, we discussed to advance the cause of peace in the Middle East, including peace between the Israelis and Palestinians. And I'm working very, very hard on trying to finally create peace between the Palestinians and Israel, and I think we'll be successful. I hope to be successful, I can tell you that.
The King has been a really tireless advocate for a solution, and he's going to help me with that and help me at the highest level. And we will be consulting with him closely in the days ahead.
King Abdullah, I want to take this opportunity to thank you for your partnership. Working together, the United States and Jordan can help bring peace and stability to the Middle East and, in fact, the entire world. And we will do that.
Thank you very, very much for being with us. (Applause.)
KING ABDULLAH: Thank you. Mr. President, thank you for such a kind and warm welcome to the White House. I fondly remember the meetings we’ve had many years ago and, more recently, several months ago. You've always been a generous host and have always looked after us. We are very delighted with the way the discussions have gone so far, and we're delighted to be here in such a wonderful setting on such a beautiful day, which I think is a tremendous mark of how we are going to move into the future.
We've had a very good round of talks today, and I'm looking forward to continuing these discussions later on in our meetings after the press conference. What I do want to say is how much we deeply appreciate the close relations we have with the United States, with you, Mr. President, and with the American people. This is a strategic partnership that we keep very close to our hearts, and it is a partnership on so many levels that we will continue, I think, with the frank discussions that we had today to improve on as we face the challenges of the future. And I am very delighted for your vision, your holistic approach to all the challenges in our region, and to the dedication of your team in being able to translate your policies into action successfully, hopefully, as we move forward.
The challenges we face today are many and are not exclusive to my region, as I've just mentioned. They are global, and particularly the threats to global security. Terrorism has no borders, no nationality, no religion, and, therefore, joint action with a holistic approach, as I had just mentioned, Mr. President, is crucial. I am very delighted that you have the vision to be able to move in that direction, and I think that the world will be in a very good place as we move with all these challenges ahead.
No doubt, with all the challenges that we face in the world, the role of the U.S. is key to all the issues that we have around the world, but it's not just the fact that we should expect the United States to do all the heavy lifting. The heavy lifting has to be done by all of us in the international community to support the United States in being able to translate that vision into the right direction. So there's a lot of responsibility for all of us in the international community to support the President, the administration, and the American people to bring brighter days to all of us.
We are very encouraged with the President's determination to support Arab and Muslim states in their fight against terrorism. But it is not only the fight of terrorism inside of our societies, but we, as Arab-Muslim states standing behind the international community in being able to defeat this international scourge.
In Syria, we need a political solution that ends the conflict in the country and preserve its unity and territorial integrity.
As the President mentioned, the issue we discussed was the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, which is essentially the core conflict in our region. And the President’s early engagement as beginning in bringing the Palestinians and Israelis together has been a very encouraging sign for all of us. And I think, sir, it was that initiative that allowed us at the Arab Summit last week to extend through the Arab Peace Initiative the message of peace to Israel, which we all hopefully will work together to make that come about.
All Arab countries -- we launched the Arab Peace Initiative, as I said, last week. It offers a historic reconciliation between Israel and the Palestinians, as well as all member states of the Arab League. It is the most comprehensive framework for lasting peace and it ensures statehood for the Palestinians, but also security, acceptance and normal ties for Israel with all Arab countries and hopefully all Islamic countries.
So we appreciate your commitment in all these issues where others have failed. You will find a strong ally in Jordan in supporting you in all your policies. And if I may just say, as you have, on Syria and the gas attack -- unfortunately, as you and I both agree, this is another testament to the failure of the international diplomacy to find the solutions to this crisis. But I believe under your leadership we will be able to unravel this very complicated situation.
This has been ongoing for seven years now, has descended into proxy wars from different parties with dubious agendas. But at the end of the day, as you pointed out, Mr. President, it is the civilians -- women and children -- that are paying the heaviest price. This is happening on our watch, on our conscience, as well as the global community. And I know the passion and the emotion that the President has expressed and how this should not be tolerated whatsoever. And this threshold of inhumanity and savagery that are being crossed every day is something that I know the President will not allow to happen, wherever it may be. And I fully support and endorse the President in this issue.
So I want to thank you, sir, because you have the outlook of looking not just at the Syrian challenges but that of Iraq, Israel, Palestine, Libya, and everything that is in our region. So I think your message to all of us is a message of hope, and that's what I take away from this conference.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much.
KING ABDULLAH: And I thank you for all that you have done so far and all that you will do, sir. (Applause.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We'll take a few questions. Julie Pace.
Q Thank you, sir. I have questions on Syria for both leaders. But if I could start with you, Mr. President. You’ve condemned the chemical attacks in Syria, but you also appeared in your statement yesterday to pin some of the blame on the Obama administration. You are the President now. Do you feel like you bear responsibility for responding to the chemical attack? And does the chemical attack cross a red line for you?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I think the Obama administration had a great opportunity to solve this crisis a long time ago when he said the red line in the sand. And when he didn’t cross that line after making the threat, I think that set us back a long ways, not only in Syria, but in many other parts of the world, because it was a blank threat. I think it was something that was not one of our better days as a country.
So I do feel that, Julie. I feel it very strongly.
Q So you feel like you now have the responsibility to respond to the chemical attack?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I now have responsibility, and I will have that responsibility and carry it very proudly, I will tell you that. It is now my responsibility. It was a great opportunity missed. As you know, I'll be meeting with the President of China very soon, in Florida, and that's another responsibility we have -- and that's called the country of North Korea. We have a big problem. We have somebody that is not doing the right thing. And that's going to be my responsibility. But I'll tell you, that responsibility could have been made a lot easier if it was handled years ago.
Q Before I move on to the King, could I just quickly ask you if the chemical attack crosses a red line for you?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: It crossed a lot of lines for me. When you kill innocent children, innocent babies -- babies, little babies -- with a chemical gas that is so lethal -- people were shocked to hear what gas it was -- that crosses many, many lines, beyond a red line. Many, many lines.
Thank you very much.
Q And, Your Majesty, if I could ask about refugees. Your country has really borne the brunt of the refugee crisis in Syria. The President has signed travel bans that would block Syrians from coming to the U.S. If that goes into effect, what would the impact on your country and across the region be?
KING ABDULLAH: Well, I think as the President pointed out, most, if not all, Syrian refugees actually want to go back to Syria. And what we're working with the United States and the international community is to be able to stabilize the refugees in our country, give them the tools so that, as we're working with the solutions in Syria, we have the ability to be able to send them back as a positive influence into their economies.
And again, the President and the Europeans are being very forward-leaning in being able look after our host community -- tremendous burden on our country, but again, tremendous appreciation to the United States and the Western countries for being able to help us deliver that.
Q Your Majesty, how does the outcome of the recent Arab Summit help the U.S. in its policy to advance Palestinian-Israeli negotiations?
KING ABDULLAH: Well, as I said, our peace initiative came out with a resounding resolution to offer peace to the Israelis, to make them feel that they’re accepted into the neighborhood, and to be able to support the President as he brings both parties together.
And again, I have to remind people that very early on there was an early engagement by the President and his team to the Israelis and the Palestinians to be able to see what he can do to bring them together. It is the core conflict for a lot of us in the region. The President knows this. He has his instincts in the right place. And working with his team, our job, as I said, is to do the heavy lifting. The Arabs are prepared to do whatever they can to bring Israelis and Palestinians together under the leadership of the President.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you. John Yang (ph).
Q Thank you, Mr. President. I’d like to follow up on Julie’s question and press you a little more on Syria. How will you distinguish your policy and your actions on Syria from the inaction that you criticized of the previous administration? You say it’s now your responsibility. What should we see or what should we look for that will be different?
And, Your Majesty, I’d like to ask you, what gives you -- this is now your second meeting with the President -- what gives you the optimism that Mr. Trump will succeed in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict where so many others have failed before him to be a broker for peace?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I like to think of myself as a very flexible person. I don’t have to have one specific way, and if the world changes, I go the same way, I don’t change. Well, I do change and I am flexible, and I’m proud of that flexibility. And I will tell you, that attack on children yesterday had a big impact on me -- big impact. That was a horrible, horrible thing. And I’ve been watching it and seeing it, and it doesn’t get any worse than that.
And I have that flexibility, and it’s very, very possible -- and I will tell you, it’s already happened that my attitude toward Syria and Assad has changed very much. And if you look back over the last few weeks, there were other attacks using gas. You’re now talking about a whole different level.
And so, as you know, I would love to have never been in the Middle East. I would love to have never seen that whole big situation start. But once it started, we got out the wrong way, and ISIS formed in the vacuum, and lots of bad things happened. I will tell you, what happened yesterday is unacceptable to me.
Q Can I follow up, sir? Last year, you seemed to be reluctant to get involved -- or to intervene in Syria directly. Is that one thing that’s changed after yesterday?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, one of the things I think you’ve noticed about me is, militarily, I don’t like to say where I’m going and what I doing. And I watched past administrations say, we will attack at such and such a day at such and such an hour. And you, being a warrior -- you would say, why are they saying that? And I’m sure you sat back in Jordan, and you said, why are they saying that?
I watched Mosul, where the past administration was saying, we will be attacking in four months. And I said, why are they doing that? Then a month goes by, and they say, we will be attacking in three months, and then two months, and then we will be attacking next week. And I’m saying, why are they doing that? And as you know, Mosul turned out to be a much harder fight than anyone thought, and a lot of people have been lost in that fight.
I’m not saying I’m doing anything one way or the other, but I’m certainly not going to be telling you, as much as I respect you, John. Thank you.
KING ABDULLAH: Sir, I think, on behalf of the President, what I saw was an early engagement by the President and his team, with all of us in the region, about the challenges between the Israelis and Palestinians. I had the honor of seeing the President and his team again in January where this was discussed. The President understands the nuances and the challenges. I think he has the courage and the dedication to be able to do this. Like I said before, all of us have a responsibility to help the President push us over the finish line.
And so, his team had been in the region, they’ve been talking to all the partners, and it is our job to facilitate the atmospherics between Israelis and Palestinians to move together, and give the support to the President to be able to smooth the edges over between Israelis and Palestinians to achieve this. And the President understands that if we don’t solve this problem, how are we going to win the global fight against terrorism, which is his number-one priority? So this is a core issue that he understands, and I think he has the commitment and he has my full support for this, as he does from many, many countries in our region.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: And I have to just say that the world is a mess. I inherited a mess. Whether it’s the Middle East, whether it’s North Korea, whether it’s so many other things, whether it’s in our country -- horrible trade deals -- I inherited a mess. We’re going to fix it. We’re going to fix it.
Okay.
Q Thank you, Your Majesty. You touch upon the subject now, but if I ask you to look forward, how do you see the future of fighting terrorism post-Raqqa and Mosul, especially the role that Jordan will play in the eastern part of Iraq? And do you believe the real battle will start then?
And if I may, Mr. President, you know very well that the Iranian militias and Hezbollah has been propping the Syrian regime for a while -- over a few years now. Will you go after them? What message will you give them today? And will you work with the Russians to ground the Syrian air force and to establish safe zones? Thank you.
KING ABDULLAH: Well, the first part is that we are seeing, very recently, tremendous gains on the ground in Raqqa and Mosul. Again, I think, as the President alluded to, it’s very difficult to put timelines on this issue because the battle space is always very fluid. But I think that the war is being won on the ground.
Having said that, terrorists are on the move. They’ll be on the move inside of Iraq and inside of Syria, so that we have to make sure that we adapt our plans accordingly. And they move beyond borders, beyond our region and elsewhere. So as we and the administration have discussed, it’s this holistic approach: How do we fight them wherever they are? And I think that is the understanding.
Terrorists have no respect for borders and religions and people. So it’s the seriousness of how we do this holistic approach that I’ve mentioned several times. And what I am really delighted is that the understanding by the President and the administration in how to deal with this globally.
And I think you’re seeing a move in the right direction because the policy now is being charted out, and my discussions with the Defense Secretary and the Foreign Secretary allows us to be then able to decide how we adapt ourselves in the region to be able to come in line with international diplomacy.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: The Iran deal made by the previous administration is one of the worst deals I have ever witnessed -- and I’ve witnessed some beauties. It’s one of the worst deals I’ve ever witnessed. It should never have been made. It was totally one-sided against the United States, and, frankly, against much of the Middle East.
I will do whatever I have to do. They have a deal. It was, some people say, not done properly even in the form of its finalization. There was no vote from Congress. There was no real ratification. But I will do what I have to do with respect to the Iran deal. As far as ISIS is concerned, the United States will work with whoever it’s appropriate to work with to totally eradicate ISIS and other terrorists. And, by the way, ISIS is one group, but others have formed. Frankly, they’re all over the place. We will do what we have to do to eradicate terrorism.
Q But, sir, I’m talking about the Iranian militias in Syria supporting the Syrian regime separate of the nuclear deal. What message do you have for them today?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: You will see. They will have a message. You will see what the message will be. Okay? Thank you.
Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you.
END
1:35 P.M. EDTWashington Hilton
Washington, D.C.
12:25 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: I know these people well, you wouldn’t believe it. I know them too well. (Applause.) I know them too well. They cost me a lot of money. (Laughter.) I spent a lot of money, but I love them, and they’re great, and their people are fantastic. And nobody does it like you people, right? Nobody. We talked about that -- incredible. Incredible people.
So it’s great to be back with America’s builders. (Applause.) So did you ever think you’d see a President who knows how much concrete and rebar you can lay down in a single day? Believe me, I know. I know. (Applause.) We’re a nation of builders, and it was about time we had a builder in the White House, right? (Applause.) We have a builder.
I want to thank Sean McGarvey and the entire governing board of presidents for honoring me with this great invitation. And I love that it’s in Washington, because I don’t have to travel very far. Worked out pretty well, I have to tell you. Five minutes.
Sean took part in one of our very first meetings at the White House –- he mentioned it -- and I promise you that America’s labor leaders will always find an open door with Donald Trump. Always. (Applause.) Just look at the amazing talent assembled here. We have ironworkers, insulators -- (applause) -- never changes, does it, with the ironworkers? Let’s hear it. Laborers. (Applause.) Painters. (Applause.) Fitters. (Applause.) Plumbers. (Applause.) Operators -- they’re operators, all right, I’ll tell you that. (Laughter.) Electricians. (Applause.) Not that good. Where’s my Local 3? Where’s Local 3? That wasn’t that good, the electricians -- well, they became so rich they don’t have to -- (laughter) -- let’s do that again. Electricians. (Applause.) That’s better.
Bricklayers. (Applause.) Boilermakers. (Applause.) Elevator constructors. (Applause.) Good job. Sheet-metal workers. (Applause.) Roofers. (Applause.) Plasterers -- plaster, well, yeah, that’s -- not using as much plaster as we used to, fellas, right? No matter how you cut it. Sorry about that. I’m not sure I can do much -- we brought back the coalminers. I’m not so sure about the plasterers. We’ll do the best we can, okay? We’re going to do the best we can. How about the cement masons. (Applause.) And, of course, our wonderful Teamsters. (Applause.) Oh, that wasn’t very good, James.
But really, you’re the backbone of America. With the talent in this room, we could build any city at any time, and we can build it better than anyone. (Applause.) But we’re going to do even better than that. Together, we are going to rebuild our nation. (Applause.)
You’re the keepers of the great trades and traditions that built our country from the New York skyline to the Golden Gate Bridge. You represent the workers whose hands, skills, and dreams will build the great landmarks of our future. Every day, your members live out what I call the American Creed. They’re on the job before dawn and after dusk, and they never quit until that job is done. You know that. True. True. (Applause.)
We saw this grit on display when the construction trades helped rebuild New York City after 9/11. (Applause.) That was a terrible time -- we were all there -- that was a terrible time in this country’s history. Worst attack in the history of our country. Worse than Pearl Harbor. Pearl Harbor they were attacking military. Here they were attacking civilians. Worst attack. And I saw what happened. Within a very short period of time, we were back rebuilding, and rebuild you did. And I really congratulate -- that took a lot of courage and a lot of strength. Thank you. (Applause.)
The fact is you take pride in every part of your work -- every joist, bolt, and rivet. You’re not only builders, but you’re artisans, very talented people. A lot of people don’t understand, you’re very talented people -- enriching our cities and landscapes with works of great beauty. And just as you take pride in your work, our nation takes great, great pride in you, believe me. And it’s time that we give you the level playing field you deserve. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you.
Washington and Wall Street have done very, very well for themselves. Now it’s your turn. And you’re going to be also sharing the wealth. (Applause.) And you know, for many years, we’ve been taken advantage of by other countries. All over the world they took advantage of us. We had leaders that didn’t have a clue or worse. That’s not going to happen anymore, folks. That’s not going to happen anymore. And you see what’s going on right now. In fact, the trade deficit went way down -- just announced before I got on stage. And I will tell you, we’re going to have a whole different set of values when it comes to representing our country. That I can tell you right now. (Applause.)
This election was all about returning power to the people. I’ve spent my life working side-by-side with American builders, and now you have a builder as your President. (Applause.) One of my first acts as President was to stop one of the great sellouts of the American worker -- I immediately withdrew the United States from the disaster -- this would have been a disaster -- this would have been another NAFTA, which, by the way, is a disaster. I took you out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership. (Applause.) Thank you. That one wasn’t even close. And you know it and I know it, everybody knows it.
Next, I cleared the way for the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines. (Applause.) And it’s looking like that’s going to have about 42,000 jobs involved, those two jobs. That some number of great people. That’s a big, big, beautiful -- lot of people. And Sean actually, and a whole group joined me in the Oval Office when we approved the Keystone permit.
And I joked that day -- I said, can you imagine the head of this big Canadian company, in this case, they build pipelines -- and they failed. Didn’t work. They paid millions and millions and hundreds of millions of dollars to consultants and lawyers, and they failed. And it was over. And then one day Trump wins, and a few days later they get a knock on the door -- sir, the Keystone pipeline was just approved.
Can you imagine? I want to see the expression on his face. And he’s a nice guy. He actually -- they came to the office. (Applause.) Because I did say you have to use American steel, you have to fabricate it here. Now, they had already bought 60-70 percent of it. So you can't be too wild, right? But I was signing the order, and I said, where did they buy this steel? I didn’t like the answer. I said, who fabricated the steel? I didn’t like the answer. I said, from now on we're going to put a clause -- got to be made in America. We want American steel, made in America. (Applause.) Right on the box. 100 percent, right? (Applause.)
And you’ll be hearing more about this in the very near future. But as time goes by, let’s say, over the next seven and three-quarters years -- meaning eight years -- (laughter.)
We believe in two simple rules: Buy American, and Hire American. That's what it's going to be. (Applause.) And that's not just a slogan, it's a promise. Believe me, that's a promise. (Applause.)
The era of economic surrender has come to an end. It's come to an end. We have surrendered as a country to outside interests. The era of economic victory for our country has just begun. You will see. No longer will we listen to those failed consultants who’ve made one wrong prediction after another -- delivering nothing but soaring trade deficits and a big, fat, shrinking workforce.
For decades now, we’ve watched as our factories have shuttered -- almost 70,000 factories -- our jobs have been stolen, and blue collar wages have declined. We’ve seen the economic pain inflicted on our fellow Americans in Pittsburgh and Detroit and Baltimore. We didn’t just offshore our jobs, we offshored a big, big part of the American Dream.
We enriched foreign countries at the expense of our own country, the great United States of America. But those days are over. (Applause.) I'm not -- and I don't want to be -- the President of the world. I'm the President of the United States. And from now on, it’s going to be America First. (Applause.)
We’re going to bring back our jobs -- and, yes, we’re going to bring back the American Dream. As I traveled the nation, I heard the pleas of the forgotten men and women of our country -- the people who work hard and play by the rules, but who don’t have a voice. Together, we are their voice, and they will never, ever be forgotten again. That I can tell you. (Applause.)
I don't know if you saw, but if you watch the Democrats now, the anger -- the anger and hatred, and they’re trying to figure out where did all these people came that voted for Donald Trump? Remember they said -- because the Electoral College is a very, very hard, they say, almost impossible for a Republican to win. The odds are stacked. And they would say there’s no way to 270 -- you need 270 -- there’s no way to 270. I heard that so much for a year -- I kept saying, maybe I shouldn’t be running. You know, Sean, I said, maybe I shouldn’t run because there’s no way. The people are telling me -- the same people that say all of the bad stuff, they’re saying, there’s no way to 270. But there was a way to 306.
But wasn’t that an exciting one? Places that nobody entered -- Donald Trump has won the state of Michigan. They go, what? Donald Trump has won the state of Wisconsin. They came out of the blue, and we didn’t even need them. And we love those two states -- because we won the state of Pennsylvania, and we won Ohio, and Iowa, and North Carolina, and South Carolina, and Florida, and so many others. We ran the coast. And if you don't run it, you can't win. Huge disadvantage, Electoral College. It's very, very tough. They say almost impossible for a Republican to win. But I had the support of, I would say, I would say almost everybody in this room.
We had tremendous -- we had tremendous support. Oh, we did. We had tremendous support. (Applause.) We had tremendous support. And I'll tell you, we really had the support of the workers. We had tremendous support of the workers. But would you like to make a change, folks? Would you like to make a change? Because if anybody wants to make a change, you won't be having so many jobs. That I can tell you. Your jobs will be -- it will be a whole different story. Because in the last decade, you lost over 750,000 -- think of this -- 750,000 construction jobs. Real wages in the construction sector have fallen more than 15 percent since the 1970s. We rank 39th in the world for construction permitting. And approvals for infrastructure projects can take up to 10 years.
Since taking office, I’ve signed one action after another to eliminate job-killing regulations that stand in the way. I had a chart -- is that chart around here someplace? Do you have that? I have to show this chart to you because it's amazing, actually.
This is -- if you want to build a highway in the United States, these are some of the permits that you need. It's a process that can take way over 10 years. And it just never happens. Then at the end of the period they vote against it. And we're getting rid of many of these regulations. (Applause.) You have to go through 17 agencies, many permits in each agency.
In February alone, we added almost 60,000 new construction jobs in the country. I ordered expedited environmental reviews for infrastructure, environmental and energy projects all across the country. No longer will you have to wait year after year for approvals that never come.
I also took historic action to lift the restrictions on American energy production and to put our miners, who have been treated horribly, back to work. (Applause.) They’re great people.
Consumer confidence is at its highest level in more than a decade. You’ve seen all of the charts, all of the studies. The National Association of Manufacturers just the other day reported the most optimism in the entire history of its survey -- which is a old survey -- 93 percent of manufacturers are optimistic about the future. It was almost 27 percent lower than that just a few months ago.
The Home Builders Confidence Index is at its highest level in 12 years. And now in breaking news, it was just reported today, the monthly U.S. trade deficit declined by 10 percent -- for a reason. Not by accident, believe me. It was for a reason.
We’re also going to protect your jobs by protecting our borders. My administration is -- just a matter of weeks, literally, a short period of time -- has brought record reductions to illegal immigration. Record reductions. (Applause.) Down 61 percent since inauguration. General Kelly is doing a fantastic job. And we’ll crack down on visa abuses that undermine the American worker. And we're doing that right now. (Applause.)
These, and so many other great achievements, have defined our first 10 weeks in office. We've done so much for the worker. Done so much for the military. We've done so much for the police officers, our men in blue and women in blue who are not treated fairly. We’re fighting for workers of all backgrounds and from all walks of life.
But to achieve true progress, we must remember our legacy. We’re the nation that built the tallest skyscrapers on what was once the Hudson River, and put neon lights of Las Vegas in the middle of the desert. But if government continues to punish America’s builders, then we will not be that nation any longer.
I’m calling on all Americans -- Democrat, Republican, independent -- to come together and take part in the great rebuilding of our country. (Applause.)
That is why, in my address to Congress, I called on lawmakers to pass legislation that produces a $1-trillion investment in the infrastructure of our country. And we need it. (Applause.) With your help, we can rebuild our country’s bridges, airports, seaports, and water systems. We will streamline the process to get approvals quickly, so that long-delayed projects can finally move ahead. And with lower taxes on America’s middle class and businesses, we will see a new surge of economic growth and development.
All of you have come to the nation’s capital to call members of the House and Senate to action. You’ve also called your President to action. When you see them, you can tell Congress that America’s building trades and its President are very much united. (Applause.)
Together, we are ready to break new ground. We will build in the spirit of one of the great projects in our nation’s history -- an enduring symbol of American strength. The Empire State Building was forged in the Great Depression, and provided jobs for more than 3,000 workers. We’ve all seen the pictures -- rugged workers perched dozens and dozens of stories up in the air. Workers like these moved almost 60,000 tons of steel, installed 200,000 cubic feet of stone, and laid 10 million bricks to build that American icon. And they did the job in a record time -- 13 months. Hard to believe. Think of that -- the Empire State Building built in 13 months, during the Depression. Nowadays, you couldn’t even get a building permit or approval in that amount of time.
When the workers had secured the last piece of steel in that amazing and beautiful structure, they marked the moment -- as we still do today -- with what is called a “topping out” ceremony: 1.050 feet above the streets of New York City, they hoisted a beautiful and great American flag. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE MEMBER: The ironworkers!
THE PRESIDENT: They did a good job. They did a good -- those ironworkers, you better believe it.
It was an American flag that represented American projects
-- the big, bold, and daring dream of one man, and then one city, and then finally, one people. That banner marked our nation’s proud climb to the top of the world. Our people endured through the hardships of Depression and the battles of World War II, and they emerged from these trials stronger and more united than ever before. Now, we must again summon that same national greatness to meet the challenges of our time.
Only miles from the halls of Congress and the newsrooms of Washington, you will find once-thriving cities marred by empty lots and once-booming industrial towns that have become rusted and are in total disrepair. Standing before me today, in this very hall, are the men and women who, if given the chance, can transform these communities. You are the citizens who can rebuild our cities, revive our industries, and renew our beloved country. And I know you will stop at nothing to get the job done. (Applause.)
For the rest of their lives, everyone who worked on the Empire State Building knew when they looked up at that great New York skyline that they had lifted the Stars and Stripes atop the tallest flagpole on Earth, and that somewhere high above the city streets, their place in history was carved into beams of steel.
In the future, when we become -- the trials -- and we are -- trials of our times -- we too will emerge stronger and more united than ever before. It’s happening, you watch. When we rise above the cynics and critics who live only to defend the status quo, and to defend themselves from failure, then we, too, will construct a lasting monument to national greatness.
In this future, our nation’s workers and craftsmen will look way out at the vast open landscape, and they will build new bridges and new schools and new landmarks, and they will proudly raise up for all to see our bright and beautiful American flag. And when we see that flag, we will remember that we all share one American home, one American heart, and one American destiny.
May God bless our nation’s builders. May God bless our nation’s workers. And may God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
12:54 P.M. EDT10:41 A.M. EDT
THE VICE PRESIDENT: It's a great privilege to be able to welcome you to the White House. Thank you so much. I want to thank everyone involved in the Partnership for New York City -- Michael Corbat, Stephen Schwarzman. It's an honor to have the leaders that are gathered in the room here with us today. I know the President is on his way over, and it's my great privilege this morning to share a few thoughts, in the midst of this important conversation on the topics that you're covering before I introduce my friend and the 45th President of the United States.
But let me say first and foremost, though, the companies represented in the Partnership for New York City are all American success stories. You have our admiration. You have our appreciation. Your businesses account for more than 7 million jobs and you add over $1 trillion to our economy each and every year.
What’s more important is the people behind the numbers, and the topics that you’ve covered today are all about creating more jobs and more opportunities for Americans who are anxious to climb the ladder of success in the organizations that you represent and in companies all across this country.
So, first and foremost, on behalf of the President and the whole team that you’ve heard from this morning, and distinguished members of our Cabinet, thank you. Thank you for what you do. Thank you for your leadership.
I think as you will hear this morning in the dialogue that is about to commence that America has elected a businessman as President of the United States, and he is committed to being the best friend business has ever had in the White House. (Applause.)
We've already seen the results. Since literally when the election was called at -- I think it was about 4 a.m. in the morning, wasn’t it, Ivanka, that we were all together -- literally we've seen renewed energy and dynamism in the American economy. The first two jobs reports, as I'm sure you are aware, thanks in no small part to the leadership represented in businesses here in the room today, the first two jobs report show that under President Trump, nearly 500,000 new jobs have been created in the first two months of this year.
Businesses and consumers haven't been this optimistic in decades. In fact, we just learned from the National Association of Manufacturers that in their historic quarterly report, 93 percent of manufacturers are optimistic about the future. That represented almost a 40-point increase in optimism since the last report. (Applause.)
We think that is evidence of a vote of confidence in our new President and in his vision to get this economy moving again by putting common-sense principles into practice. From the very outset of this administration, the President has been energetically working to roll back excessive regulation and red tape. Leaders in Congress -- and I see Leader McCarthy, who is with us today -- have been producing under what’s known as the Congressional Review Act, legislation to roll back onerous regulations that emerged in the waning days of the Obama administration. And in the coming days, President Trump will be signing even more bills into law, rolling back that avalanche of red tape.
The President has also taken decisive executive action on expanding American energy -- the Keystone pipeline and the Dakota pipeline. We continue to work earnestly with Congress for a new future on healthcare reform. The President and I remain confident that working with the Congress we will repeal and replace Obamacare with healthcare reform that will work for the American people and work for the American economy. And of course, in the offing before we reached the end of the year, the President is determined to roll his sleeves up, work with the Congress and pass the largest tax reform in a generation.
Business -- as I said in those numbers about optimism -- business has clearly gotten the message. But today’s conversation is all about learning from job creators represented in this room how we can continue to build on the momentum in this economy, particularly focusing on infrastructure, government modernization and workforce.
I can tell you that the subject that I came in at the end of and I know was much a topic today with Ivanka and with Wilbur, having to do with improving the quality of our workforce, expanding opportunities for what is known as career and technical education -- what we back in Indiana call vocational education -- is a real passion for our new President. And we look forward to partnering with you in ways that we can continue to encourage investment and create opportunities for expanded career and vocational education.
So today is all about really giving you an opportunity to share your thoughts. It's part of an ongoing conversation this administration has commenced since the very first day the President took office -- listening to business leaders, listening to everyday Americans about ways that we can bring about his agenda to make America Great Again and to have our economy growing and expanding in a way that is consistent with the most powerful economy in the history of the world.
I think the President is in the side chamber, so let me say to all of you, the opportunity you have today is to hear from a man who I have a chance to sit with every day. What you're going to see firsthand is what I see each and every day, and that is not only just a businessman made President, but you're going to see a leader, informed, focused, decisive, and absolutely committed to Make America Great Again.
It is my high honor and distinct privilege to introduce to all of you my friend, the 45th President of the United States of America, President Donald Trump. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Mike. Good morning. Hello, Ivanka.
MR. CORDISH: I know you know a few of the people in this room.
THE PRESIDENT: I do. I do. All the killers from New York -- I'm looking at all those competitive -- those great, great talents, great builders.
MR. CORDISH: I have to give you a heads-up that Ivanka chaired one of the sessions before this -- tough act to follow.
THE PRESIDENT: Oh, she’s tough. Very tough.
MR. CORDISH: Vice President Pence listed some of the amazing accomplishments that have taken place since your election and your 75 days in office. The stock market has had almost unprecedented sustained growth, unprecedented confidence from our manufacturing sector and other business sectors, leading to massive private sector investment in job growth. You have gotten rid of regulations that were unnecessary and were job-stifling. You have strengthened our borders and strengthened our military. You’ve nominated a great -- superb Supreme Court justice, amongst many other things. How does all that feel?
THE PRESIDENT: And we’re getting unbelievable credit for what we’ve done, other than the mainstream media, which just gives us no credit whatsoever. But we are getting tremendous credit. And if you look at the real estate industry, the mining industry, the farming industry -- if you look at any of the major industries you see what’s going.
In fact, even today I was very happy as I read this morning early that our trade deficit with others has gone down very considerably in the last short period of time. It’s having a big impact.
And, as you know, I’m meeting with the President of China on Thursday and Friday in Palm Beach, Florida, and I think we’re going to have a very interesting talk. We’re having -- have a lot of respect for him. I’ve spoken to him numerous times. But we have to do better, because our deficit with China, as you know, $504 billion. That’s a year. That’s enough for a lifetime. Even Steve would say that. But that’s a year.
So we’re going to have a great meeting, I’m sure we’re going to have a fantastic meeting. And we’re going to talk about a lot of things, including, of course, North Korea, a problem. And that’s really a humanity problem. So we’re going to be talking about that also.
MR. CORDISH: You have made it a driving force in this administration to bring in the best minds we can from the private sector, to listen intently to them and to take decisive action. How important is that, and how important is it to reform government to bridge the gap between the private and public sectors?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I did, I brought you, I brought Gary Cohn, I brought a lot of very great people -- my friend, Steve, is helping us out. We have a superstar committee of 22 people. And every time somebody calls me I say, Steve, put them on -- no, we want to keep it at this level. The heads of the biggest companies, they all want to be on our committee, right, Stephen? But Steve likes to keep it very small. But they will go off and they’ll disappear and we’ll put others on. But we’ve had some great meetings and we’ve all learned a lot.
One thing that did come up, and it came up yesterday, was Gary Cohn -- where’s Gary? Is he here? Could you bring that chart, please? Do you mind? Let me see that chart. So this was just something -- this is sort of incredible. That’s so beautiful. Yeah, no, you’re not quite -- this is to build a highway in the United States -- now, this was just done yesterday. I saw it for the first time. I said, I’m speaking to some of my friends who are builders, really great builders, and they’ve gone through the process -- we’ve all gone through it in New York -- we call it the zoning process in New York.
But you start up here and this is anywhere from a 10 to 20-year process. You have -- is it 17 agencies. You have hundreds and hundreds of permits. Many of them are statutory, where you can’t even apply for the second permit until six months go by. So this is to build a highway. This is a simple highway. And these are the agencies -- so it’s 17 agencies. How many different steps is it?
Q: Sixteen different approvals.
THE PRESIDENT: Sixteen.
Q: Twenty-nine different statutes. Five different executive orders that all apply to this process. This is indicative, so this is not a specific project, but this is the type of process that a government -- this is a state government -- would have to go through to permit a highway federally. This is just federal, not state regulations.
THE PRESIDENT: So it can take anywhere from 10 -- if you’re really good, 10 years to 20 years. And then they vote, and you lose. They don’t want it. (Laughter.) And it costs sometimes hundreds of millions of dollars just to go through the process.
Thank you very much. That was a great job you did. Be careful, don’t fall. I don’t want to have you fall. You’ll be a big story in the paper if you go down. (Laughter.)
So I just saw that yesterday. Gary Cohn walked in and he showed it to me, and -- for no reason. I said, you have to do me a favor. But a lot of you, you’re such pros, some of the best pros in the world sitting in this room, you understand it. It’s a process.
Now, I’ve always liked it because it gave people that could go through that process an advantage, like Jerry, but it gave us an advantage if you could get through the process. But getting a building approved in New York is a horrible, horrible thing. And that’s nothing compared to when you get into the highways and the dams -- they don’t even talk about dams anymore. Hydropower is a great, great, form of power -- we don’t even talk about it, because to get the environmental permits are virtually impossible. It’s one of the best things you can do -- hydro. But we don’t talk about it anymore.
So we’ve come to a halt. We have a tremendous person that we put in charge of EPA, Scott Pruitt, who is an environmental person. He wants clean air, he wants clean water, but he doesn’t thing it takes you 26 years to get a permit to build a building and to have jobs, at which time those companies are usually gone, out of business, et cetera.
So we’re really speeding up the process. We’re going to try and take that process from a minimum of 10 years down to one year. I said can’t we make it four months? Can’t we do it in four months? And there is a certain logic to that, but we’ll be satisfied with the year -- but it won’t be any more than a year.
So we have to build roads. We have to build highways. We’re talking about a very major infrastructure bill of a trillion dollars -- perhaps even more. And when we have to do -- our jobs -- I mean, if we say, we’re giving to New York City hundreds of millions of dollars to build a road someplace, it doesn’t help if they can’t start because it’s going to take seven and a half years to get the permits. Even to redo a road takes years to get the permits. You know, you have a road that’s there and you want to redo it, and you have to get new permits for the kind of asphalt you’re using, the kind of concrete you may want to use.
And if we’re going to give all of this money -- you know, there was very large infrastructure bill that was approved during the Obama administration -- a trillion dollars -- nobody ever saw anything being built. I mean, to this day, I haven’t heard of anything that’s been built. They used most of that money -- it went, and they used it on social programs. And we want this to be on infrastructure.
I’m working with Steve Roth and with Richard LeFrak -- two friends of mine that are very good builders. They’re great builders. And they know to get things done. They know how to cut red tape. We’re going to give them the advantage of having what we have. I see Elaine is here, so important, who is doing an incredible job, by the way -- Secretary of Transportation. And Elaine will be working. But we’re going to set up a committee headed by Steve and Richard, and we’re going to cut a lot of red tape.
But we don’t want to send a billion dollars to New York and find out, five years later, the money was never spent, because we’re going to be very strong that it has to be spent on shovels, not on other programs. And in the last case, a lot of it was spent on other programs. But we’re going to say, if you don’t spend the money -- if you don’t start -- if you have a job that you can’t start within 90 days, we’re not going to give you the money for it. Because it doesn’t help -- doesn’t help us. And we’re going to be very strong on that. They have to be able to start within 90 days.
MR. CORDISH: Mr. President, we have some of the great business leaders in the country here. If okay with you, they have a few questions, if that’s --
THE PRESIDENT: Sure.
MR. CORDISH: Great.
THE PRESIDENT: Hello, Jerry. (Laughter.)
MR. SPEYER: Hi, Mr. President. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: He didn’t have to say his name. He was ready to say his name -- we know. Jerry Speyer, everybody.
MR. SPEYER: Mr. President, you’re doing a great job, and we’re all really grateful to you for the sacrifices you’re making. Hope you heard that.
THE PRESIDENT: That sounds much better.
MR. SPEYER: I think from New York’s point of view we send a lot of money into the economy. As a number of people have said, it’s over a trillion dollars. We’re worried we’re going to have a problem with Congress.
THE PRESIDENT: With the deductions, right?
MR. SPEYER: Well, that, too. That, too. But we’re worried about various programs that help the city. The city is doing fine right now -- even the Yankees are doing fine. But what we’re really concerned about is the future. Do you have any advice for us?
THE PRESIDENT: Look, I love New York. And in some ways we’re all lucky that I’m from New York,, because New York has unique problems. So does Los Angeles, so does Chicago. There are places that have unique problems. One of the problems that you have is debt and deductibility. That’s a big one, because a lot of the states that don’t have debt or have very little debt
--like in the case of Mike Pence, where he did such a good job in Indiana, and it’s a AAA-rated bond, one of the strongest in the country, and deductibility is not that big of a deal because they don’t have that much to deduct.
And over here, in New York, when you look at what’s going on with us, we don’t know in terms of the municipality and in terms of the state, we don’t know if it can even make it if you don’t have that. Are people going to buy? So it’s a very big problem.
And the problem I have is that there are many places throughout the country that are in the exact opposite position. And they consider that a gift to the state and a gift to the people. And we know New York does things that a lot of people don’t read about. You look at what -- the money they contribute to our economy, to our country, and people don’t know about that. They don’t maybe want to know about that. So you do have -- I call it a tale of two cities. You have different interests.
But I am watching over everybody, Jerry. You’re in good hands, okay? You’re in good hands, believe me. You can tell the people of New York. Even though I didn’t win New York State. I should have won New York State, but I didn’t. (Laughter and applause.)
MS. ENGELBERT: Mr. President, Cathy Engelbert with Deloitte. I want to return to a conversation we just had with Ivanka, Dina and Wilbur on jobs, the workforce of the future. And so as we think about that and we think about our skillsets, in New York City alone our high school -- public high school graduation rate is at 70 percent, but the readiness of our students for college and careers is only 37 -- it’s assessed at 37 percent.
So as we look at the pace of change, we look at the digital transformation we all see in business and the marketplace, and we look at the skills that -- this disconnect between what employers need and what our students coming into our workforces are prepared to deliver. It would be great to get your thoughts on the priorities of the administration around education, around, again, what I like to call not the future of work but the work of the future. Because the future of work sounds a little ominous, but the work of the future actually sounds pretty visionary. So if you could give us those priorities --
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, so before you sit, so you’re giving me numbers from New York. You’re a proud New Yorker, but you’re giving me numbers -- why is it doing so badly? Tell me. Why are the numbers so horrific in terms of education? And what happens when somebody goes through school and then they can’t read after -- they graduate from high school and they can barely read. So what’s the answer?
MS. ENGELBERT: Yes. So, first, I would say that as we look at New York, New York has made enormous progress in a decade. By the way, that 70 percent was 50 percent, so a 40 percent increase. So we’re making enormous progress in making an impact on --
THE PRESIDENT: See how quickly she’s changing? See that? (Laughter.)
MS. ENGELBERT: Making enormous progress, but we’re not done. We have a lot of work to do. And I think -- we talked earlier about public/private partnerships, apprenticeship models, which -- we have a beautiful apprenticeship model that works and brings them our next generation of leaders. So I do think there’s a lot we can do through relooking at funding programs. We talked earlier about consolidating the many programs that are out there. We’re all trying to make our individual impact and we can make a huge impact together.
THE PRESIDENT: Sure. I know you work very hard on it and you have made progress. Charter schools are another thing that people are talking about a lot, and some of the charter schools in New York have been amazing. They’ve done incredibly well. People can’t get in. I mean, you can’t get in. I don’t call it an experiment anymore, it’s far beyond an experiment.
If you look at so many elements of education, and it’s so sad to see what’s coming -- what’s happening in the country. Even the numbers, as good -- you say we’re doing better, but the numbers in New York, the numbers in Chicago are very rough. The numbers in Los Angeles, the cities, it’s a very rough situation. Common Core -- I mean, we have to bring education more local. We can’t be managing education from Washington.
When I go out to Iowa, when I go out to the different states and I talk, they want to run their school programs locally, and they’ll do a much better job than somebody -- and look, these are some very good people in Washington, but you also have bureaucrats that make a lot of money and don’t really care that much about what they’re doing or about the community that they have never seen and they’ll never meet, and they never will see.
And I like the fact of getting rid of -- Common Core to me is -- we have to end it. We have to bring education local. To me, I’ve always said it, I’ve been saying it during the campaign. And we’re doing it. Betsy DeVos is -- she’s doing a terrific job, highly respected, tremendous track record. But she’s got one of the toughest jobs of any of our secretaries, to me. She’s got one of the toughest jobs. There’s some pretty tough jobs out there, but she’s got one of the toughest jobs.
We’re going to spend a lot of money and a lot of expertise. We’re going to have great talent having to do with education, because there’s nothing more important than education. And we’ve got to get those numbers in New York better, and I think they will be better. And a lot of people -- a lot of the greatest people I know in New York, they’re totally involved, including Ivanka and Jared, they’re so much involved, and it’s so important to them, the word “education.” And it’s happening, and I see it happening in New York very much.
But it’s happening elsewhere, too. I think we’re going to have a great four years.
MR. CORDISH: Mr. President, I know you have --
THE PRESIDENT: Prior to running again.
MR. CORDISH: -- a pressing issue to deal with. Steve and Mike I think just wanted to thank you for attending today, and maybe make a final comment on behalf of --
MR. SCHWARZMAN: Well, thanks a lot for being here. And thanks for everybody for being here. It's been a really interesting day, and you've had everybody of importance at the event. I think it's terrific in terms of the stuff you're trying to do to modernize the government, educate, and so forth. And I think we have to keep a focus on that, because the outside world doesn’t always get the message that that's really what's going on -- because you're doing profound things, taking on enormous embedded issues.
And I think with the kind of effort that can be marshaled, you can do amazing things. And that's on behalf of Mike Corbat and myself who chaired the Partnership -- it's sort of trust, and gets rotated from person to person every two years.
I want to wish you really good luck with the Chinese. That's an important thing, as we all know. And I think there's a real opportunity to make progress with them. And you should have a good time in Florida. I hope the weather is good.
THE PRESIDENT: Yeah, the weather will be beautiful. Thank you, Steve.
I just want to finish by saying that we are absolutely destroying these horrible regulations that have been placed on your heads over not eight years, over the last 20 and 25 years. You have regulations that are horrendous. Dodd-Frank is an example of what we're working on, and we're working on it right now. We're going to be coming out with some very strong -- far beyond recommendations -- we're going to be doing things that are going to be very good for the banking industry so that the banks can loan money to people that need it.
I speak to people all the time. They used to borrow money from banks to open up -- there's one in Nevada -- to open up a pizza shop here, three shops -- he had a bank, and he said, you know -- at that time he called me "Mr. Trump" because I hadn’t won yet -- but he said, "Mr. Trump, I can't open up anything; I can't do anything. The banks don’t even -- I had a bank for 20 years; now they don’t even take my phone call. And I was always a very good customer. So I haven’t been able to do what I do." They can't do it. I mean, the banks got so restricted.
And I've always said -- and some people get insulted -- but, you know, it's not necessarily the man that's making a lot of money that's running the bank. You look at the folks from government that are running all over the banks, they're running the banks. And the people that are really the head people, they're petrified of the regulators. They're petrified. They can't move. The regulators are running the banks.
So we're going to do a very major haircut on Dodd-Frank. We want strong restrictions, we want strong regulation, but not regulation that makes it impossible for the banks to loan to people that are going to create jobs. But we're doing -- that's just one example. We're doing so many cuts on regulations. And we have a book on regulations, and if you add them all up, it goes up to the ceiling three times over. It's just one after another after another. It's just like that chart. I thought that chart was so descriptive. And every industry is just like that chart, and that's to build a simple roadway or highway that's what you have to go through. And we're going to be able to get rid of 90, 95 percent of that and still have the same kind of protection.
And we want safety and we want environmental -- we want environmental protection. I've won awards on environmental protection. I'm a big believer, believe it or not. But we want that kind of protection. We want clean air and we want clean water, but we shouldn’t have to get the approvals from 16 different agencies for almost the same thing.
So we have a country with tremendous potential. We have the greatest people on Earth, but we have to use that potential and we have to let those people do their thing.
And with that, I just want to thank you all. I think you're going to see a very much different environment than you've been used to over the last, again, 20, 25 years. We're going to unleash the country. And I'm willing to take the heat, and that's okay. I've been taking the heat my whole life. But in the end, I know it's the right thing to do.
And we're going to create a lot of jobs. We have 100 million people, if you look -- the real number is not 4.6 percent. They told me I had 4.6 percent last month, I'm doing great. I said, yeah, but what about the 100 million people. A lot of those people came out and voted for me. I call them the forgotten man, the forgotten woman. But a lot of those people, a good percentage of them, would like to have jobs, and they don’t.
One of the statistics that to me is just ridiculous -- so the 4.6 sounds good, but when you look for a job, you can't find it and you give up -- you are now considered statistically employed. But I don’t consider those people employed. If you look at what's happened with Ford and with General Motors and with Fiat-Chrysler and so many other car companies, you see what they're doing back in Michigan and Ohio -- they were leaving. They were going to Mexico and many other places. They're now staying here.
Now, I did say -- Reed knows this very well, because you've seen me say it many times to the big auto companies at meetings -- it's okay, enjoy your new plant; please send me a picture, I'm sure it's going to be lovely. But when you make your car or when you make your air conditioner, and you think you're going to fire all of our workers and open up a new place in another country, and you're going to come through what will be a very strong border, which is already -- you see what's happened; 61 percent down now in terms of illegal people coming in. Way, way down in terms of drugs pouring into our country and poisoning our youth. Way down. General Kelly has done a great job. But when you think you're going to sell that car or that air conditioner through our border, it's not going to happen. You're going to have a tax. And the tax may be 35 percent.
And you know what, every single major company that I've had that conversation with has said, you know, we've decided to stay in the United States. It's amazing. And you would have thought they would have said this, frankly, for years. But nobody has ever said it. And we've lost close to 70,000 factories over a relatively short period of time -- 70,000. You wouldn’t believe it's possible, Reed, to lose 70,000 factories -- 70,000. You know, you look at a map of the United States -- how many factories can you lose? We lost almost 70,000 factories.
And I will tell you, that's not happening, because now they're staying here and they're all expanding here. Ford announced last week a massive expansion of three of its plants. That was not going to happen, believe me, if I didn’t win.
So, good luck, everybody. Enjoy yourselves. You're my friends. You're amazing people. And we're going to put you to work. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
11:12 A.M. EDT12:04 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: It's great to be with the President of Egypt. And I will tell you, President al-Sisi has been somebody that's been very close to me from the first time I met him. I met during the campaign, and at that point there were two of us, and we both met. And hopefully you like me a lot more. But it was very long. It was supposed to be just a quick brief meeting, and we were with each other for a long period of time. We agreed on so many things.
I just want to let everybody know, in case there was any doubt, that we are very much behind President al-Sisi. He's done a fantastic job in a very difficult situation. We are very much behind Egypt and the people of Egypt. And the United States has, believe me, backing, and we have strong backing. We are very much -- and as you and I will be soon talking -- we're building up our military to a level that will be the highest -- probably the highest that we've ever had -- plane orders, ship orders, aircraft carrier orders.
We are rejuvenating our military to the highest level I think in these times, probably more than ever before, or certainly almost more than ever before. That's what we need.
And I just want to say to you, Mr. President, that you have a great friend and ally in the United States and in me.
PRESIDENT AL-SISI: (As interpreted.) Your Excellency, allow me to extend my thanks and appreciation for your kind invitation for me to visit the United States. Actually, this is my first state visit to the United States since my inauguration in office. And, as a matter of fact, this is the first visit in eight years from an Egyptian president to the United States.
Your Excellency, since we met last September, I’ve had a deep appreciation and admiration of your unique personality, especially as you are standing very strong in the counterterrorism field to counter this evil ideology that is claiming innocent lives, that is bringing devastation to communities and nations, and that is terrorizing innocent people.
Your Excellency, very strongly and very openly, you will find Egypt and myself always beside you in this, in bringing about an effective strategy in the counterterrorism.
The second point, Your Excellency, is that you’ll find me supporting you very strongly and very earnestly in finding solution to the problem of the century. And I’m quite confident that you will be able to bring a solution to this issue.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We will -- that I tell you. We will.
PRESIDENT AL-SISI: Yes. Thank you very much.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We will do that together. We will fight terrorism and other things, and we’re going to be friends for a long, long period of time. We have a great bond with the people of Egypt, and I look forward to working with the President. And we have some interesting conversations going to start effective immediately, and then we’re going into the Cabinet Room and we’re going to meet with your representatives.
So again, thank you very much for coming. And I look forward to a very long and strong relationship.
END
12:09 P.M. EDT3:44 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: During the campaign, I traveled the nation and visited the cities and towns devastated by unfair trade policies, probably one of the major reasons I'm here today -- trade. Nobody has ever made bad trade deals like our country has made.
I saw the shuttered factories and spent time with the laid-off factory workers. I heard their stories, and I promised action and I promised them a solution. And all over America, you're already seeing solutions start to take place. Take a look at what's going on Michigan, with Ford and General Motors and Fiat-Chrysler, and so many more.
The jobs and wealth have been stripped from our country. Year after year, decade after decade, trade deficit upon trade deficit -- reaching more than $700 billion last year alone, and lots of jobs. Thousands of factories have been stolen from our country. But these voiceless Americans now have a voice in the White House. Under my administration, the theft of American prosperity will end. We're going to defend our industry and create a level playing field for the American worker -- finally.
Today, I am signing two executive orders that send this message loud and clear and that set the stage for a great revival of American manufacturing. And you saw that today; you saw what happened, you saw the kind of numbers we have. The survey actually showed 93 percent of manufacturers are now optimistic about the future -- a record high -- and that's up from about 56 percent just a couple of months ago. We're going to build on that tremendous momentum. We're bringing manufacturing and jobs back to our country.
First, I'm signing an executive order to ensure that we fully collect all duties imposed on foreign importers that cheat. They're cheaters. From now on, those who break the rules will face the consequences -- and they'll be very severe consequences.
Second, I am ordering the first-ever comprehensive review of America’s trade deficits and all violations of trade rules that harm the United States and the workers of the United States, just as I promised during my campaign. This review will be led by Secretary Wilbur Ross, who is joining us here today. Wilbur is an outstanding success story, an unbelievable businessman, a great but very, very fair negotiator, and on Wall Street he's simply known as Wilbur, and everybody knows him. And now we have him on our side. So I thank you, Wilbur. You're going to do a fantastic job.
We're going to investigate all trade abuses, and, based on those findings, we will take necessary and lawful action to end those many abuses. I am not beholden to any political or financial interest. I don’t care. I'm here to do a job. I'm doing a job for the American worker. I really don’t care. I'm not thinking about my business or anybody's business. Wilbur isn't. Peter isn’t. None of the folks that we have up here are. We're doing a job. It's an opportunity like nobody has ever given. And we're here to do a great job for the American worker and for our companies where the American workers are employed.
I work for the American people. Whether you're a Democrat, a Republican, or belong to no party at all, you are an American and I'm here to represent you and your family. We're going to get this thing straightened out. We're going to get these bad trade deals straightened out -- right, Peter? It's time. You've been looking at it for years -- right, Wilbur? This combination over here, it can't be beaten.
That's why I defied the special interests and followed through on my pledge to withdraw immediately from the Trans-Pacific Partnership. And that's why I am taking these very historic steps today. The wellbeing of America and the American worker is my North Star. And these two orders will point out our nation, and point to everybody, point to the world. Next week, as you know, in Florida, the Southern White House, we're having the President of China and a large group from China as representatives. And we're going to get down to some very serious business. So we look forward to it. I've spoken to him numerous times on the phone. We look very much forward to it. But it's been very bad what's been happening to our country in terms of our companies and in terms of our jobs. So we're going to start turning it around. We're going to turn it around fast; it's not going to take a long time. It's going to go fast.
So I just want to end by saying that we have a team that's second to none. And when everybody is assembled and fully in gear after these two orders, I think it's going to be something very special. I'd like to ask Wilbur to say a few words, and then, Peter, you could say a few words. And we're all set. Our Vice President -- I think I'm speaking for both, but I'm not 100 percent sure. I will tell you one thing -- he has one hell of a good marriage going. (Laughter.)
Come on, Wilbur.
SECRETARY ROSS: Thank you, Mr. President. If anyone had any doubt about the President's resolve to fix the trade problems, these two executive orders should end that speculation now and for all time. This marks the beginning of a totally new chapter in the American trade relationship with our partners overseas.
Thank you very much.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Peter.
MR. NAVARRO: I remember well during the campaign, the day the President made the speech outside of Pittsburgh and laid down a set of promises to the American people on trade. And today, this is the beginning of the fulfillment of those promises in a grand way, with Wilbur Ross at the helm, and the President being the grand strategist of this. And we're going to get it done for the American people, workers, and domestic manufacturers.
Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Mr. Vice President.
THE VICE PRESIDENT: This is a great day for the American worker and a great day for the American economy. Once again President Trump is keeping his word. As we look for ways to expand exports from this country, imports to this country, this President is determined that we're going to have free trade, but it's going to be fair trade, and arms-length negotiations with nations, holding them accountable to the promises that they make. And the review the President is initiating today and the work of members of this team on the President's behalf will ensure that we put American first when it comes to trade; we put American jobs and American workers first.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Mike. Thank you, everybody. You're going to see some very, very strong results very, very quickly. Thank you very much. Thank you.
END
3:53 P.M. EDT12:09 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: We have some really good news today that's really fantastic -- these numbers. Today I’m delighted to welcome the National Association of Manufacturers to the White House. It’s a great group of people. I know many of them well.
And I want to thank your president and CEO, Jay Timmons, for being here with us today. Great job.
MR. TIMMONS: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Great job, Jay.
My administration is working every day to make it easier for manufacturers to build, hire, and grow in America. We're removing job-killing regulations and lifting the burdens on American industry like I would say have never been lifted before. We've done a lot of work over the last 60, 70 days, and I think you're seeing some real production.
I think we can say this, Mike -- like never before.
Earlier this week, I signed an executive order to end the war on coal. We had coal miners up at the office. It was an amazing scene. You had very tough, very strong, very powerful men that were crying actually; and they were crying with happiness. And produce more American energy and more American jobs, which is how I got elected in the first place.
We've created the task force in every agency to eliminate wasteful regulations. And today at 3:30 p.m., with the Department of Commerce, Wilbur Ross, who will be up, and we're signing two very powerful executive orders. That will be something very important -- very, very special. And that will be with Commerce.
One of the reasons we're here today is to announce the extraordinary results of a new survey from the National Association of Manufacturers. Your survey shows that 93 percent of manufacturers now have a positive outlook on the future of their business in this country -- 93 [percent]. And it was just a few months ago, 56 [percent]. That's a slight difference. (Laughter.) That's a slight difference. (Applause.)
That's a 20-year, record high -- highest it’s been in 20 years, and it’s going higher. Believe me, you could come back next month, Jay. (Laughter.) I don’t know how much higher it can go. And so I’m very proud of that, and we're all very proud of that. And the manufacturers are really starting to invest big money, and a lot of things are happening. It’s a new surge in optimism, which is sweeping all across our land.
These survey results are a further vote of confidence in our plan to bring back jobs, lower taxes, and provide a level playing field for our workers. The manufacturing companies represent -- and represented here today -- are just an extraordinary group of people. They're leaders. They're brilliant in so many ways. The field has not been a level field. Jobs have been leaving our country, going to China and Mexico and lots of other places.
And you’ll be seeing what’s happening over the next few weeks. It should be very interesting for you to watch. As you know the President of China is coming to Florida. We're having a meeting -- big meeting -- at Mar-a-Lago. We call it the Southern White House, which it actually is. It was originally built as the Southern White House, a lot of people don't know. But it’s sort of strange how it got there.
But it’s going to be something I think very important, very special. I look very much forward to meeting him and the delegation, and we’ll see what happens. But I am very, very proud of what you’ve been able to do in a short period of time -- just this little, short period of time, the optimism is so high. And I see the billions of dollars that are being invested by your people and your representatives in plant and equipment and jobs.
And I appreciate that, Jay, very much. Congratulations. You may want to say a few words.
MR. TIMMONS: Well, I do. And I want to reemphasize for the media here that this quarterly survey of our 14,000 members has been going on for 20 years. And to the point you made, this was the highest level of optimism that our manufacturers have expressed in 20 years.
THE PRESIDENT: That's fantastic.
MR. TIMMONS: And the other statistic that I think you’ll find interesting is the right-track/wrong-track question that our manufacturers answered. Just the month before Inauguration Day, the right-track number was only 26 percent. Today it is over 60 percent. So that's a huge growth, as well. And that's because of the focus on taxes, regulations, infrastructure investment. We appreciate your commitment to investment in job creation and manufacturing. And we're going to deliver.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, Jay. That's really nice.
MR. TIMMONS: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Patricia, would you like to say something? Pretty outstanding what you've done.
MS. MILLER: Thank you. I appreciate being here today. I own a plastics manufacturing company in the northwest suburbs of Chicago. We're a three-year entrepreneurial in growth phase with a 40-year legacy. It’s great to be part of manufacturing in the U.S.
THE PRESIDENT: That's a really great job. You've done a great job. Really great.
Ed?
MR. PARADOWSKI: Good morning, Mr. President. I’m Ed Paradowski, president of Apache Stainless Equipment. We're in Beaver Dam, Wisconsin. We manufacture capital equipment out of stainless steel and other high alloys. We employ 175, and most of them are skilled trades people -- some of the best skilled trades people in the state of Wisconsin. We are a 100 percent S Corp, and we would love to have you out in Beaver Dam, Wisconsin.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I love the state of Wisconsin.
MR. PARADOWSKI: As do I.
THE PRESIDENT: There was a little bit of an upset. I don't think -- (laughter) -- I don't think -- I thought we were going to do very well there. But people would -- they could consider that a slight upset, right? But we don't consider it that. Thank you. Very good.
Yes.
MR. STAUB: Mr. President, good to see you again. We enjoyed having you at our facility back in September. I’m Steve Staub with Staub Manufacturing Solutions in Dayton, Ohio.
THE PRESIDENT: I remember.
MR. STAUB: And hopefully you got a chance to see the “First Day” video that we did with the National Association of Manufacturers.
THE PRESIDENT: I did. Thank you. I did. Great job. And you've done a great job.
MR. STAUB: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Yes.
MR. EDDY: Good morning, Mr. President. My name is Joe Eddy. I’m the president and CEO of a company in northern West Virginia called Eagle Manufacturing. We're 125 years old this year; a family-owned business. We manufacture products out of steel and plastic. We make over a thousand industrial safety and hazardous materials handling products. And I bring from West Virginia a major thank you for the work you’ve done for coal.
THE PRESIDENT: Great state. Great people. Really. We really opened it up. Nobody thought it would happen that fast. They thought maybe at the end of the four-year term, maybe I'd sign it -- no. Nobody thought we were going to go that fast. And the people appreciate it.
Julie.
MS. COPELAND: Good morning, Mr. President. I am Julie Copeland. I am CEO and co-owner with my sister of Arbill, a Philadelphia-based company that protects people in the workplace. We partner with manufacturers to make sure that no one gets hurt. We have products and services and technologies. And it's a privilege to be here today. And we look forward to continuing --
THE PRESIDENT: Have you met these two guys? (Laughter.)
Thank you.
MR. WETHERINGTON: Thank you, Mr. President. Chuck Wetherington. I'm the President of BTE Technologies. We're based in Baltimore, Maryland and Denver, Colorado. We're a manufacturer of high-tech medical devices used in physical therapy and industrial rehab, and we also have a professional services business that focuses on workplace injury reduction. We are the safety corner here.
THE PRESIDENT: That's very good.
MR. WETHERINGTON: And we work with large employers around the United States and Canada doing that kind of work.
THE PRESIDENT: And you're starting to do really well.
MR. WETHERINGTONG: We are. Yes. Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: That's good. You know our great Vice President.
MR. GREENBLATT: My name is Drew Greenblatt. I'm the owner of Marlin Steel. We're a steel factory, make wire baskets for the automotive industry and the pharmaceutical industry. We make everything in Baltimore City, Maryland. We import nothing. We use steel from Illinois, we use steel from Indiana. We're thrilled with the policies that you are pursuing. We feel great optimism, and we're thankful for those approaches you're taking. Obviously -- we're 45 miles from where you're sitting right now -- we’d love for you to come visit us.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, good. Well, we're not finished yet, Drew. A lot of other things are happening, including -- you haven't seen this in 25 years. That's great.
MR. RIORDAN: Mr. President, good morning. My name is Tom Riordan. I'm the CEO of Neenah Enterprises. We're a casting and forging operation in Wisconsin -- 145 years old. First products were plowshares back in the Civil War. Today most of our product are related to infrastructure in terms of street casting, sewer covers, and so on. The other half of our business is really tied to on/offload vehicles with folks like Caterpillar and John Deere. We're very much dependent upon your policies moving forward.
THE PRESIDENT: Good job.
MR. MAGYARI: Nice to meet you. My name is Doug Magyari. I'm the CEO of IMMI, Inc. We're a Troy, Michigan company, suburb of Detroit. And we're very much a leading-edge research and development company on advanced technologies, and in particular, we've built the most advanced augmented reality and virtual reality glasses in the world. And it's an extremely important technology that's going to affect not only everybody at this table, but really every facet of our lives. And there’s military applications and all sorts of medical applications, as well as entertainment.
And it's such an important technology that we've made a commitment to manufacture it here in the United States. And we really appreciate what you're doing to help facilitate in making that happen.
THE PRESIDENT: We have a lot of plants going up now in Michigan that were never going to be there if I -- if I didn’t win this election, those plants would never even think about going back. They were gone. We're you thinking about getting out?
MR. MAGYARI: I wouldn't abandon the United States under any circumstances. But Michigan, we definitely have had a rough go, and the things that you're doing and a lot of initiatives are really bringing Michigan back.
THE PRESIDENT: Big progress in Michigan.
MS. BUCHWALD-WRIGHT: Hello. It's nice to see you again. I'm Karen Buchwald-Wright. And I'm the president and CEO of a family business that manufactures natural gas compressors. We're from Mt. Vernon, Ohio. And gas compressors are used in both the oil and gas industry, so I'm especially thankful that you have gotten the Keystone --
THE PRESIDENT: Very busy.
MS. BUCHWALD-WRIGHT: Yes, we are going to be.
THE PRESIDENT: You have to be. Big difference. That industry has changed over the last couple of months -- actually, over the last couple of weeks, that industry has changed.
MS. BUCHWALD-WRIGHT: Yes. It's great.
THE PRESIDENT: A lot of jobs.
MR. BARR: Good morning, Mr. President. I'm Matt Barr with Carolina Color. We manufacture colors for the plastics industry. We're a family-owned business -- we also celebrated our 50th anniversary this year, 120 employees. We're in Delaware, Ohio, and we're headquartered in Salisbury, North Carolina.
THE PRESIDENT: Nice to have you.
MS. JOHNSON. Good morning, Mr. President. I'm Kellie Johnson, president of ACE Clearwater Enterprises. It’s a 16-year-old family business -- third generation. We're a supplier to the aerospace and power generation industries. We build products out of metal. If it flies or is launched, our parts are on it. We employ 200 of the best men and women in our industry. And on behalf of all of them, thank you for what you're doing.
And we would love to have you come and visit next time you're in southern California. In fact, I'll never forget my husband and I approaching you in the lobby of your golf course in Palos Verdes when the flag controversy was going on. And we respected your position and we are so proud that that flag is flying today. Thank you. It worked out well.
THE PRESIDENT: It worked out. That was a very good decision.
Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.
Q Any comment on Michael Flynn, Mr. President?
Q Are you looking forward to your visit with the Chinese President?
THE PRESIDENT: Yes, I am.
END
10:23 A.M. EDTYour browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript:
My fellow Americans,
It's an exciting time for our country. Our new Administration has so much change underway – change that is going to strengthen our Union and improve so many people’s lives.
In the next few days, the Senate will be taking a very important step – one that will protect the rule of law and democratic way of life that is absolutely a birthright of all Americans.
And it involves one of my most important actions as President. That was nominating Judge Neil Gorsuch to fill the seat of the late, great Justice Antonin Scalia.
Judge Gorsuch is incredibly qualified. He has a sterling record. He was confirmed unanimously to the Court of Appeals.
But Judge Gorsuch’s nomination is about more than his incredible qualifications.
It’s about preserving our Republic.
In their great wisdom, the Founders placed legislative power in its own separate branch of government. Elected representatives from all across the country come together. They host hearings, they listen to the concerns of the people, and then, they try to write laws that address those concerns and make life better for all Americans. It’s a process that is meant to take time and energy to ensure that every new law will better serve our wonderful citizens. That’s how our democratic process works.
The duty of judges, therefore, is not to re-write the laws – but to uphold the laws, and to apply the Constitution as written.
That is the solemn duty of every Justice on the Supreme Court – and this is what Judge Gorsuch will do.
In recent years, we’ve seen more and more judges make decisions not based on the Constitution or the rule of law, but based on their preferences, their personal views, or even their political opinions.
Each time a judge substitutes their own opinions for an unbiased reading of the law, they damage our democracy. They put their own will above the will of the people. And they undermine the legislative process that has always been the heartbeat of our democracy.
The Senate will soon have the chance to help preserve our democratic institutions for our children – by voting to confirm Judge Gorsuch to the Supreme Court.
Judge Gorsuch is going to serve our people by devoting himself to our beloved Constitution. The Senate saw this firsthand in hours of Judge Gorsuch’s impressive testimony. In every step of the process, what has been clear to all is that Judge Gorsuch is a man who respects the law. He defends the Constitution. And in doing so, he will protect our freedoms.
With Judge Gorsuch on the Supreme Court, America will be a more free, fair, and just Nation for all of our citizens.
Thank you, and God bless you.East Room
3:50 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. What an amazing audience this is. (Laughter.) So many young faces that represent the future of leadership in our country. So true. Melania and I are deeply honored to join you. And, Melania, thank you for being here. (Applause.)
So as you know, Melania is a very highly accomplished woman and really an inspiration to so many. And she is doing some great job. In fact, I shouldn’t say this, but her poll numbers went through the roof last week. (Laughter.) What was that all about? Through the roof. (Applause.) She has to give us the secret, Mike, right? (Laughter.) Anyway, I appreciate it very much.
My Cabinet is full of really incredible women leaders. Administrator Linda McMahon, who has been a friend of mine for a long time -- (applause) -- long time. She’s done an incredible job in business, by the way. Administrator Seema Verma, Secretary Betsy DeVos, and, of course, my good friend from South Carolina who is a very tough competitor, I want to tell you -- Nikki Haley, Ambassador. She is doing fantastically well. (Applause.) And we’re also joined, of course, by Florida Attorney General, highly respected, Pam Bondi. So I want to thank you, Pam. Thank you. (Applause.)
Elaine Chao, our Secretary of Transportation, who’s a real expert. She was Secretary of Labor, but she said, I really wanted to be Secretary of Transportation. That’s a real expertise, and she’s doing incredibly. She would have been here, but she’s celebrating the 50th anniversary of the Department of Transportation right now as we speak. And we’re going to work on infrastructure and we’re going to put up one of the big and great infrastructure bills of all time. (Applause.) We’re going to get our infrastructure fixed in our country, and we’re going to rebuild our country, and that’s what we need. Lots of jobs, also. (Applause.)
And I want to thank Ford -- you saw their big announcement yesterday. And so many others are announcing tremendous numbers of jobs. (Applause.) They’re not leaving our country anymore, folks. They’re not leaving; they’re staying and they’re building right here.
So we really have these incredibly strong and dedicated leaders, and they’re with me and they’re with us. And I’m very happy about it. And I want to thank you as being representative, very much, of our group. Thank you all very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
And I’m so proud that the White House and our administration is filled with so many women of such incredible talent. This week, as we conclude Women’s History Month, we honor a great woman of American history. Since the very beginning, women have driven -- and I mean each generation of Americans -- toward a more free and more prosperous future.
Among these patriots are women like the legendary Abigail Adams -- right? -- (applause) -- who, during the founding, urged her husband to remember the rights of women. She was very much a pioneer in that way.
We’ve been blessed with courageous heroes like Harriet Tubman, who escaped slavery -- (applause) -- and went on to deliver hundreds of others to freedom, first on the Underground Railroad, and then as a spy for the Union Army. She was very, very courageous, believe me. (Applause.)
And we’ve had leaders like Susan B. Anthony -- have you heard of Susan B. Anthony? -- (laughter) -- I’m shocked that you’ve heard of her -- who dreamed of a much more equal and fair future, an America where women themselves, as she said, “helped to make laws and elect the lawmakers.” And that’s what’s happening more and more. Tough competition out there, I want to tell you.
From the untamed frontiers of the Western Plains to the skyscrapers of Manhattan, American women in every generation have shown extraordinary grit, courage, and devotion. Our present generation stands on the shoulders of these titans -- and that’s what they were and are -- titans. Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to -- you have not heard this expression before -- make America great again. (Laughter and applause.) It’s a good expression. (Applause.)
Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. It’s been a lot of fun. (Laughter.) And we didn’t get that one from Madison Avenue, right? (Laughter.)
My administration will work every day to ensure that our economy is a place where women can work, succeed, and thrive like never before. That includes fighting to make sure that all mothers and all families have access to affordable childcare. (Applause.)
We want every daughter in America to grow up in a country where she can believe in herself, believe in her future, and follow her heart and realize her dreams. (Applause.)
And we want a country that celebrates family, that celebrates community, and that creates a safe and loving home for every child -- every child. That’s what we want. (Applause.)
Earlier this year, I met with a remarkable group of leaders. They were women entrepreneurs from all across the country. They started their businesses from absolutely nothing, and today have grown them into successful enterprises that employ hundreds -- and in certain cases, even thousands -- of people. Just think of what our country could achieve if we unleashed the power of women entrepreneurs nationwide. Think of that. (Applause.)
So, as a man, I stand before you as President. But if I weren’t President, I wouldn’t be happy to hear that statement. That would be a very scary statement to me because there’s no way we can compete with you. (Laughter.) So I would not be happy. (Applause.) Just wouldn’t be happy.
One of the business owners I met, Lisa Phillips, used to be homeless. She now is the owner of an event-planning company, and she trains homeless youth in Baltimore for good-paying jobs. Lisa had a message for all of us. As she put it, "This is a country of chances…if you're willing to work hard, you'll get the chance." And she means it, and she’s become very successful. She’s terrific.
Lisa is right -- but we have to fight to ensure that more people have the chance to succeed. To do that, we must believe in each other, and we must dare to dream of a better, brighter, and more prosperous future for all of our citizens. We have no choice. That’s what we have to do.
And to be honest, whether you’re a woman or whether you’re a man, you have that same dream: You want to be able to dream. You just have a big advantage over us. (Laughter.) You know why? Right there. (Applause.) There’s a lot of truth to that, Mike, right?
That's what I want for each and every one, and each and every one of our daughters and our granddaughters. And I know, together, we will get there. I want every young person in the audience today, and watching from home -- and they’re all over the place; those cameras are all over -- (laughter) -- to know that the future truly belongs to you. We are Americans, and we will not stop until we have achieved our dreams.
I want to thank you very much for being here. It’s my great honor, I will tell you, to be here. In fact, Melania said, this is something I just have to be at. She feels so strongly about it. She feels so strongly about it. (Applause.)
So thank you, God bless you, and God bless America. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
4:00 P.M. EDT11:32 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Hello, everybody. Thank you for being here with us this morning. During my campaign, I promised to take action to keep drugs from pouring into our country. And I want to just thank Secretary Kelly; he's done an amazing job. Down 61 percent at the border right now in terms of people and the drugs that are being stopped. It will take longer, and there's great cooperation with Mexico and others. But we're doing a good job.
And we want to help those who have become so badly addicted. Drug abuse has become a crippling problem throughout the United States. Drug overdoses are now the leading cause of accidental death in our country. And opioid overdose deaths have nearly quadrupled since 1999. This is a total epidemic, and I think it's probably almost untalked about compared to the severity that we're witnessing.
Today, we're bringing together leaders from inside our government and outside of our government, and courageous people who have been affected -- and really affected -- by this terrible affliction. In a joint campaign, we want to battle drug addiction and combat opioid, and we have to do it -- a crisis.
We're fortunate to have Governor Chris Christie with us, a friend of mine -- a great friend of mine -- a very, very early endorser -- in fact, an immediate endorser -- once he got out of the race. (Laughter.) He liked himself more than he liked me. (Laughter.) But other than that --
GOVERNOR CHRISTIE: I still do, sir, but that's all right. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: Other than that, he's been great. And he's a very effective guy, I will tell you -- to have you working on this -- and a great moment, actually, if people remember, was you talking about your friend. That was probably your greatest moment during the campaign for President, and it showed how much you knew about this issue. So, thank you very much, Chris.
We'll work directly with representatives from state and local governments, law enforcement, medical professionals, and victims. I especially want to thank Pam Garozzo -- where's Pam? Hi, Pam. How are you? -- for being here. Pam sadly lost her son, beautiful boy, to drug addiction. And, Pam, we mourn your terrible loss, and we honor your strength and the fact that you're here. And he will not have died in vain, okay? We'll make sure -- he will not have died in vain. So thank you, Pam. We appreciate it.
We're also thankful to welcome AJ Solomon and Vanessa Vitolo, both of whom have fought addiction and are now symbols of hope and recovery, right? Good job.
We must get our citizens to help, and we need help. Everybody has to help. And we will not have to go through what Pam has gone through and so many other families in this country have gone through. We want to help people like AJ and Vanessa, who struggled through the dark depths of addiction. Not easy. Not easy. And they found this bright promise of recovery.
We wish to also focus on prevention and law enforcement, which is why I've issued previous executive actions to strengthen law enforcement and dismantle criminal cartels. Drug cartels have spread their deadly industry across our nation, and the availability of cheap narcotics -- the cheap narcotics -- some of it comes in cheaper than candy -- has devastated our communities. It's really one of the biggest problems our country has, and nobody really wants to talk about it.
Vice President Pence mentioned this coming into the room. He said, this is a problem like nobody understands. And I think they're going to start to understand it. And, more importantly, we have to solve the problem.
Our Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, is working very hard on this problem. It takes a lot of his time, because this causes so much of the problem that you have to solve -- that problem.
So solving the drug crisis will require cooperation across government and across society, including early intervention to keep America's youth off this destructive path. We must work together, trust each other, and forge a true partnership based on the common ground of cherishing human life.
So this is a very, very important meeting, and maybe we'll go around the room and we'll just say hello to everybody so we all know who we are. And then the press will leave and we'll start talking.
General Sessions, we know who you are. Go ahead.
SECRETARY DeVOS: Betsey DeVos, Secretary of Education.
Secretary Shulkin: David Shulkin, Secretary of the VA.
MS. GAROZZO: Pam Garozzo, parent of Carlos.
MR. SOLOMON: AJ Solomon. Thanks for introducing me, Mr. President.
MS. VITOLO: Vanessa. Thank you so much for having me.
SECRETARY KELLY: Secretary Kelly, Homeland Security.
DR. WRIGHT: Don Wright, Acting Assistant Secretary for Health.
MR. ROSENBERG: Chuck Rosenberg. I run the DEA.
MR. BAUM: Richard Baum, Acting Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy.
MS. MADRAS: Bertha Madras, Harvard Medical School.
MS. BONDI: Pam Bondi, Attorney General of Florida.
MR. RIVERA: Mariano Rivera, founder of the Mariano Rivera Foundation.
THE PRESIDENT: Oh, they could use you now. (Laughter.) You know, I think you'd make $100 million a year right. I tell you, I watched for many years Mariano. I'd sit with George, and George always felt good when Mariano was --
MR. RIVERA: That's right.
THE PRESIDENT: He threw the heaviest pitch any time. I don’t know -- you made the ball like -- it weighed 30 pounds, right?
MR. RIVERA: Something like that.
THE PRESIDENT: How about the broken bats? (Laughter.) How many broken bats?
MR. RIVERA: Too many.
THE PRESIDENT: Those bats used to crack, right? Thank you. Great honor.
And, Jared, thank you, and Chris. Chris, why don’t you say a few words?
GOVERNOR CHRISTIE: Mr. President, first, to the President and the Vice President, thank you so much for focusing on this issue. As you know, Mr. Vice President, as the governor of Indiana for four years, this issue causes enormous pain and destruction to everyday families in every state in this country. And that's why, Mr. President, I thought it was so important to bring Pam and AJ and Vanessa here today for you meet them and hear directly from them their stories. I'm just so honored that the President would ask me to take on this task with the group that we put together. And I'm thrilled to work with the Attorney General, as well, on the issues of prevention and interdiction of drugs, so we don’t get people hooked in the first place.
But the most important thing to me is, I think the President and I both agree that addiction is a disease, and it's a disease that can be treated, and that we need to make sure we let people know -- the President talked about how folks don’t talk about it. We talked about cancer, we talk about heart disease, we talk about diabetes, and we're not afraid to talk about it. But people are afraid and ashamed to talk about drug addiction. And while they don’t talk about it, we lose lives -- lives of good people.
In the end, the President ended by saying -- talking about life. And he and I are both pro-life. The difference with the President and I is we're pro-life for the whole life, not just for the nine months in the womb, but for the whole life. Every life is an individual gift from God. And no life is irredeemable, and people make mistakes -- we all have. The people who mistakes of drug use -- and it is a mistake -- we can't throw their life away. The President and I believe that every life is an individual gift from God and is precious.
And I think that's why it was such an important issue to him in the campaign, and why I'm so honored to work with a President who understands the value of life and the value of second chances. And that's what this commission, I hope, is going to be about, to be able to give he and the Vice President the best suggestions we possible can about how to have a national fight against this epidemic.
Mr. President, thank you for your confidence in all of us, and thank you for your support.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Maybe, Vanessa, you can tell a little bit of your story. We're so proud of you.
MS. VITOLO: Don't put me on the spot, but -- (laughter) -- so, first of all, I would like to take this opportunity to thank you so much to brining this whole platform to a national level. You are literally -- everyone at this table is saving lives. There are people dying every single day, and it's heartbreaking.
And, Governor Christie, I need you to know that I draw so much strength and courage from you, standing up for people that had nearly given up completely. That's extraordinary.
I come from a small town in South Jersey. My aunt is a teacher, and she taught me the importance of education. My uncle is a firefighter. He taught me the importance of law and order. I went to a private high school. I was a cheerleader. I went to college, where I joined a sorority. After I left college, I had an injury and was prescribed pain killers, and so quickly it took off from there. I didn’t know anything about heroin. I was never warned -- not that it's anybody else's fault; I take full responsibility.
THE PRESIDENT: So this all began very innocently with an injury.
MS. VITOLO: Absolutely, yes -- with a prescription of pain killers.
THE PRESIDENT: And what was it? What was the drug they gave?
MS. VITOLO: Percocet.
THE PRESIDENT: I see.
MS. VITOLO: And then from Percocet, it went to oxy. And then from oxy, it went to heroin, because it is definitely, like you said, more accessible and so much cheaper. Very quickly, I lost everything. I was homeless. I chose to be homeless. I was living on the streets of Atlantic City. I was in and out of jail, and I was lucky enough to see some kind of light where I became a drug court participant -- a drug court system that we have in New Jersey, which saved my life. They sent me to a long-term treatment facility, Integrity House, in New Jersey, and they saved my life.
THE PRESIDENT: How hard was that, getting off this horrible stuff? How hard was it for you?
MS. VITOLO: Physically, it was so hard. And I felt that was the hardest part. But then, a couple of months later, comes the psychological aspect of it, and you still think that you need it, because you're still not as happy when you're happy, you're still not as sad. You have no feelings. It's like you're a shell. And it takes over your whole life -- to choose to be homeless instead of live with your parents; to choose not to speak to your family.
THE PRESIDENT: And what did your parents say during this whole process? Because I'm looking at you, you're like all-American -- perfect. You're a perfect person. And I'm saying it's hard to believe that you're living on the streets.
MS. VITOLO: Well, it was so hard for my family. My mom would drive the streets of Atlantic City begging people to find me. She couldn’t find me. I was that lost in every aspect of the word. In jail -- like I said, I was sent to Integrity House, and they saved my life. They gave me a second chance at life. And from there, I went to a halfway house, I got a job where I quickly moved up. I'm now a manager. Got my own apartment. I'm graduating drug court this year. And it's amazing the opportunities that have been given to me. I'm sitting across from you right now. (Laughter.) Three years ago, I didn’t have a place to live, and today I'm here to represent the light that can be born out of the defeat of this darkness.
There is hope, and there is a tomorrow, and there is a day after that. You just have to fight for it. And people have to know that there's people fighting for them too, because you give up. There comes a point where you feel as if you have nothing. You already ruined everything, so there's no point to get sober. But I'm here to show you that there is hope. You can get better. There is a better way, and there is a better life. And I wish I could tell you the heartbreak that I feel with the people that are overdosing every day and dying, and the families that have to go through that suffering -- because there is no need. We can help somebody. We can change this. And that's the most amazing thing I've ever been a part of in my whole life.
And I would like to thank each and every one of you for giving me this opportunity. It means the world to me. It is my life. I used to think that being an addict was my downfall. But look at me, I'm here today; it's obviously made me a stronger and better person.
THE PRESIDENT: Incredible story. Thank you very much. (Applause.) Amazing, amazing job. Thank you very much, Vanessa. And we'll talk to you in a little while.
AJ? And I know how successful your father is and what a great man he is, so that also put pressure on you in a different way, right?
MR. SOLOMON: Yeah, well, I didn’t end up going into politics, so -- (laughter) --
THE PRESIDENT: Don't do it. (Laughter.)
MR. SOLOMON: So Vanessa really spelled it out. But I grew up in a little town in South Jersey, called Haddonfield. It's a picturesque town, really good schools. My dad now is a Supreme Court justice in the state of New Jersey. Thank you for the appointment, Governor. (Laughter.) And my mom also serves in state government. And I grew up, I was a good student. I was an athlete. And I found alcohol and other drugs, and I was probably well on my way to having an issue, but then I found OxyContin. My dad got in an accident, and I decided that it would be a good idea to try it. And that's really where my story started.
THE PRESIDENT: Immediately hooked? Because I hear so much about OxyContin. Were you immediately hooked?
MR. SOLOMON: Yeah. When I did my first one, I remember doing it and thinking, this is how I want to live the rest of my life. I was always searching for something outside of myself that would make me feel better. People think the drug is the problem, and to some extent its accessibility is. But addiction is a disease that I always had, and just had to be unlocked. And that's what I feel OxyContin did for me.
And when that happened -- you know, now I'm a brother and a son, and a business owner -- I own a treatment center, which is awesome. And I love it. I’m so happy I went that route instead of -- I was on track -- I was on the Governor’s advance team. Not that I didn't love it. (Laughter.) But I really enjoy what I do helping other alcoholics and addicts. Back then I was --
THE PRESIDENT: Do you have still an alcohol problem?
MR. SOLOMON: I don't drink. I don't do any drugs.
THE PRESIDENT: But that was -- you could see you were going to have that problem. But you found this OxyContin?
MR. SOLOMON: Yes. And I was a thief and a liar, and I ended up homeless. Different story -- my parents did not want me home. I was living out of my car, and then I ended up going to a long-term treatment center. And I accepted what I was, that I was an addict. And I would rather have died than live with that. So I left. My plan was to kill myself. I wasn’t able to get home. So I surrendered.
And a lot of people don't believe this part of the story -- and whatever someone’s conception of God or a higher power is --I got on my knees on a shuttle back to treatment; I hadn’t used. And I said, God either please just let me die -- because my plan was to shoot myself; I didn't have a gun -- let me die, or just let me get this. And I swear to you that that obsession that Vanessa talked about to use was lifted that day. And my goal now in life is to help another alcoholic and an addict.
And I think -- back then I would have rather died than had this disease. But now, a normal person can be miserable, and they can be angry and resentful, and that's just how they’ll live their life. Me, if I get angry, resentful, if I’m miserable, I’ll drink and then I’ll do dope -- heroin. And then I will die. So I’m grateful.
THE PRESIDENT: But not -- not anymore, right?
MR. SOLOMON: I don't have -- I’m not allowed to be miserable. I have to be trying to get the most out of life. Normal people don't have that. They won’t die if they don't do that. So I’m grateful that I am what I am. Yes, I guess that's it.
THE PRESIDENT: That's an amazing story. How did you get off it? How did you get -- did you go to a center or something? Or what happened?
MR. SOLOMON: I did. I went in the mountains in Arizona to this place, and I was only coming off of opiates. And they said -- it was this tall guy, I’ll never forget -- his name was Bird -- he said, what are you coming off of? I said, opiates. He said, you don't need detox. You’ll feel like you're going to die, but you won’t die. And they put me in the center, and I detoxed cold turkey. And --
THE PRESIDENT: And what was that like?
MR. SOLOMON: It’s like 20 times worse than the flu, but the anxiety is the worst part, the suicidal ideations crawling out of your skin. I mean, if I had drugs in front of me, I would have done them.
THE PRESIDENT: So he was right?
MR. SOLOMON: Oh, yeah. Yeah, he was right.
THE PRESIDENT: But you got through it? How long did that take?
MR. SOLOMON: Two weeks.
THE PRESIDENT: It was two weeks of -- they used to call it cold turkey, right?
MR. SOLOMON: Cold turkey.
THE PRESIDENT: Do they still do that?
MR. SOLOMON: Yeah.
THE PRESIDENT: No way. So you went through two weeks of that, and that was hell?
MR. SOLOMON: Yes.
THE PRESIDENT: But then you knew you were going to get better?
MR. SOLOMON: No, then the mental obsession came, and I wanted to use so badly, but I had accepted what I was, and I knew I couldn’t. So I wanted the obsession to stop. I wanted my brain to stop yelling at me to pick up. I didn't want to be that person anymore. So I figured I’d kill myself, and it would stop. But my dad -- you talked about how powerful he is, he somehow cancelled all my personal credit cards. I still don't know how he did it. (Laughter.) And I wasn’t able to get on a plane to get home to get what I needed to end my life. And so I got on my knees and prayed, and that was really the beginning.
THE PRESIDENT: So he did you a great service when he did that?
MR. SOLOMON: He did.
THE PRESIDENT: Smart guy. You have done an amazing job. It’s so great. Not easy. Not easy, right, AJ?
MR. SOLOMON: No, not easy.
THE PRESIDENT: But we're very proud of you. (Applause.)
Chris.
GOVERNOR CHRISTIE: Mr. President, Pam works in the New Jersey State Department of Education. And she’s someone who came to the candlelight vigil that I held right before Christmas for addicts in New Jersey and their families. And Pam wants to tell you the story about her son, Carlos.
MS. GAROZZO: Yes. First of all, Mr. President, Mr. Vice President, Cabinet, and guests, this is an extreme honor. I am here unfortunately because my son is no longer here.
As Governor Christie said, I came to his candlelight vigil celebrating the fact -- with our Education Commissioner, who is my boss -- that my son was 10 months clean. He had been a year and a half clean before that, before he had a relapse -- one of many, one of several. Just celebrating his life and celebrating the lives of everybody who are in recovery.
And then later in December -- actually before that, I just want to introduce you. This is my son, Carlos. He’s wearing a suit because on December 3rd -- this is not his -- was not his normal attire as a 23-year-old. On December 3rd, he was here at my church with my husband, Mike, and me -- Mike, who is seated behind me and to the left -- walking me down the aisle on my wedding day, one of the happiest days of my life. Carlos was healthy, happy, thriving, working, getting ready to go back to school, had a job, had a steady girlfriend, had everything together -- 10 and a half months clean.
So celebrating him at the candlelight vigil, previously having been at our wedding on December 3rd, and then three weeks later, on December 23rd, two police detectives show up at our door and tell me the news that no parent ever wants to hear. And we just didn't understand. Because this is a disease, you don't understand the dynamics of it. You can't -- you're not -- nothing prepares you for this journey.
Unfortunately, my son OD’d after having been clean for 10 and a half months -- OD’d on a drug that was laced with fentanyl. So he died pretty quickly.
THE PRESIDENT: Which is getting worse and worse I hear, Jeff.
MS. GAROZZO: Yes.
THE PRESIDENT: Getting just out of control.
MS. GAROZZO: So Carlos started smoking marijuana when he was 15 and a half years old, and for him -- and he’d be the first to tell you this -- it’s absolutely for him a gateway drug. It led to heroin, cocaine, crystal meth. At 18, when he was a senior in high school, with months to graduate, he had a crystal meth overdose. And by the time I got to the hospital -- because his friend drove him there; I didn't even know that he was doing this to this extent -- by the time I got to the hospital, the ER doctor came out and said, you need to call your family now; we don't think there’s anything we can do for your son.
We managed to transfer him to another hospital. He got the care that he needed. He was in a coma for three days and suffered some minor memory loss from that.
And of course, at this time as an 18-year-old, said, oh, I’m never going to touch anything again, I’m going to stay clean. We had him in a program. But less than a couple months later, he’s back on the streets not only taking drugs, but got caught smoking pot, ended up in jail. I had told him early on, I will put every penny, every dime I have into your recovery and getting you clean and helping you stay clean and supporting you 100 percent. But if you end up in trouble with the law, there is nothing I’m doing for you because you have to figure out the way out of that.
So he was in jail a couple of times. He actually went through cold turkey in jail getting clean. When he was clean for a period of almost a year and a half, during that time he was going back to school. He was at this point around 20 years old -- 20, 21 -- was working, volunteering at a recovery house, working with people trying to help them work through their program. He spoke regionally at a conference in West Virginia. They selected him because he’s a young kid, and they figured he would be a good spokesperson, maybe be able to speak to people’s hearts.
Sadly, as I said, he did pass. Nothing in parenting prepares you to deal with the fact that Mike and I will outlive our son; that his sisters, who he idolized and who were so close to him, won’t see him anymore; that there will be empty seats at the Thanksgiving table; that Christmas presents -- we won’t be able to give. I’ll miss his laughter. I’ll miss his smile. I’ll miss him, his hug. I’ll miss his dry, witty sense of humor.
When I asked him if he was walking down the aisle for my wedding to Mike, he asked me, what does that entail? Sure, I think I can do it. But what does that mean? And I said -- I explained to him, and he said, oh, but I’m pretty sure -- I’ve watched enough TV to know that I have to take Mike on a fishing trip and see if he measures up. (Laughter.)
He was constantly -- he’s just that kind of guy. He was just -- I had people coming up to us at the life celebration, saying, your son is amazing. You don't know, your son saved me. Your son was one of the people who came and dragged me out of Philly, the tenement house that I was living in, a flophouse, and took him in his place and gave him money that he really didn't have, just to -- brought me to meetings.
So this is why I’m here. I’m here because I’d like to see nationally what’s happening -- what Governor Christie has managed to have happen in New Jersey, with, of course, the help of the legislators there to make the programs for recovery accessible and affordable to all. Because this is -- I was fortunate to have a good insurance plan. But there did come a point where Carlos needed to be in a program that wasn’t entirely covered by insurance, and they wanted to exit him in four days.
Now, four days in a recovery program -- for those of you who have had no experience -- you guys know -- that's nothing. Carlos begged to stay in. So we scrambled, got the money, and were able to keep him in.
I’m here so that parents -- no parent should have to bury their child. No parent should have to wander -- as Vanessa said, I did the drives looking for Carlos all hours of the day and night. Nobody should have to go through this. This is entirely something that can be dealt with, and I appreciate what you are willing to do in shedding a light on this.
THE PRESIDENT: If Carlos stayed longer in the program, would he have been in better shape? Would it have possibly saved him? Or not really?
MS. GAROZZO: Well, I think so. He was in a couple of programs for a period of -- one program that was --
(Participant coughs.)
THE PRESIDENT: Do you want some water? Are you okay?
MS. GAROZZO: I’m good.
THE PRESIDENT: No, I’m just saying -- behind you. I thought she --
MS. GAROZZO: Oh, I’m sorry. (Laughter.)
He was in a program for 35 days. That was his most successful program. As AJ mentioned, Carlos had an underlying problem with self-esteem and feeling good about himself. He just never could quite get there -- even though he was an accomplished musician. He had a scholarship to a prestigious university. As a freshman going in, he was accepted into an engineering program that normally that didn't happen. He had a lot of gifts and talents, but he just never saw them. He was always looking for how can I escape. And like AJ, he also thought several times about suicide.
So I think it’s treating the whole person. It’s not just the disease of addiction, but it’s what is causing you to go after the drugs, to seek it out, to stay with it. And once you're hooked, you're hooked. But how can you work within yourself, with help, to feel good about yourself, to feel that you're worthy. Everybody is loved. Everybody should feel loved. As Governor Christie said, every life is a precious life. And I believe, Governor, you also said that every life is worthy of being reclaimed. And unfortunately, Carlos couldn't entirely reclaim his life.
And behind everybody who is trying -- who’s suffering with addiction or in recovery, there’s parents and there’s family just like me.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Pam. Carlos sounds like he was a great guy, and I know how tough it is. So many people go through it, and we appreciate you being here.
MS. GAROZZO: Thank you, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: Jeff, do you have anything to say?
ATTORNEY GENERAL SESSIONS: Well, I just want to thank you for sharing your stories because that's what we're all here about, and we're seeing a surge in drug abuse and addiction.
The New England Journal of Medicine had -- I think our DEA commissioned it -- pointed out that with regard to heroin, we've got more availability, lower price, and much higher purity. That creates more addiction quicker, I think. And it’s a very dangerous situation. You throw fentanyl into that too. And I do believe, Mr. President, we took -- when I became a United States attorney in ’81, and the President and others led, the Education Department led -- and it took 20 years, but we reduced drug abuse in America, addiction and death dramatically.
It’s begun now to start back up. And I think if we apply --
THE PRESIDENT: When did this start again? It’s so bad. When did it start, would you say -- over the last how many years -- where it really took the big spike up?
ATTORNEY GENERAL SESSIONS: I think the fentanyl brought the -- if you noticed here -- Chuck, maybe -- the DEA Director Chuck Rosenberg --
THE PRESIDENT: You would know that. When do you think it really started spiking up, Chuck?
MR. ROSENBERG: Mr. President, there have been spikes in the past. We've seen spikes in ’05, ’06, and ’07. I’d say in the last eight to ten years, though, the trajectory has been awful. And there’s a number of pieces to it.
One is that we consume, as Americans, most of the world’s supply of hydrocodone and oxycodone. And as these good folks have attested to, once you get hooked on that, heroin is cheaper and more plentiful. And folks just make that transition.
We have to change the culture. I think we can. One of the things we do at DEA -- and I’m extraordinarily proud of our men and women -- we do law enforcement really well. But ever since I was a brand, new federal prosecutor many, many years ago, I never thought we would enforce or prosecute our way out of this. That's part of it. It’s a really important part of it.
But we've also at the DEA now turned to education, prevention. We talked about those things all the time. I want folks to know, if I may, sir, we do a national takeback program twice a year. The next one is on April 29th, and people can drop off at 5,000 sites around the country -- courtesy of DEA and our local partners -- anything in their medicine cabinet that they don't want. Last year, we took in 1.6 million pounds of stuff. It includes everything.
THE PRESIDENT: That's great.
MR. ROSENBERG: But we're going to do that relentlessly twice a year, encourage people to turn in these drugs, and try and break this cycle.
THE PRESIDENT: So it’s been really -- it spiked over the last eight to ten years. Would that have anything to do with the weakening of the borders? Because a lot of it comes from the southern border.
MR. ROSENBERG: A lot of it comes through Mexico. A lot of it is in produced in Mexico. I should say this: We've worked closely with our Mexican counterparts. There are a lot of brave men and women down there trying to help us do what we do. Secretary Kelly knows that as well as anyone.
A lot of it also comes from Asia. I was recently in China; I met with our counterparts there. A lot of the synthetics, fentanyl and carfentanyl, which is even worse than fentanyl, is produced in China. Our Chinese counterparts have added some of those drugs to their banned list, precluding it from -- or hopefully precluding it from leaving China and coming to North America.
So there’s a lot of work to be done. You got a lot of smart people around this table. But I can tell you from the perspective of the DEA, sir, law enforcement is crucial. Education and prevention and treatment is equally crucial.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, Chuck.
All right, thank you very much, folks.
Q Will you talk about this on the road? Are you going to take this on the road, President Trump?
THE PRESIDENT: Yes, we will. It’s a big issue -- very, very big issue. Thank you, thank you.
END
12:05 P.M. EDTEnvironmental Protection Agency Headquarters
Washington, D.C.
2:14 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. (Applause.) Thank you very much. I guess they like what we're about to sign. I knew they were going to like this one. Well, thank you very much. I very much appreciate it. And thank you to our great Vice President, Mike Pence.
I'm thrilled that everybody could be here with us today. I want to give special thanks to Administrator Scott Pruitt, Secretary Ryan Zinke, and Secretary Rick Perry for your remarks. I told Rick, I said, run it the way you ran Texas -- because this is going to be a great operation. And he did a great job, and we're honored to have all three. And I'm really honored to have our Vice President, because Mike Pence has been outstanding. Hasn’t he been outstanding? (Applause.)
Together, this group is going to do a truly great job for our country. We have a very, very impressive group here to celebrate the start of a new era in American energy and production and job creation. The action I'm taking today will eliminate federal overreach, restore economic freedom, and allow our companies and our workers to thrive, compete, and succeed on a level playing field for the first time in a long time, fellas. It's been a long time. I'm not just talking about eight years; we're talking about a lot longer than eight years. You people know it maybe better than anybody.
Thanks, as well, to the many distinguished members of Congress who have taken the time to be here. I want to thank all of our industry leaders who are with us and who share our determination to create jobs in America, for Americans. And, Shelley, thank you very much also. I spotted you in the audience. Thank you.
That is what this is all about: bringing back our jobs, bringing back our dreams -- and making America wealthy again.
I also want to thank the dedicated public servants who are with us this afternoon. You're doing important work to protect our health and public resources. So important.
Finally, I want to acknowledge the truly amazing people behind me on this stage: our incredible coal miners. (Applause.) We love our coal miners. Great people. Over the past two years, I've spent time with the miners all over America. They told me about the struggles they've endured. I actually, in one case, I went to a group of miners in West Virginia -- you remember, Shelley -- and I said, how about this: Why don’t we get together, we'll go to another place, and you'll get another job; you won't mine anymore. Do you like that idea? They said, no, we don’t like that idea -- we love to mine, that's what we want to do. I said, if that's what you want to do, that's what you're going to do.
And I was very impressed. They love the job. That's what their job is. I fully understand that. I grew up in a real estate family, and until this recent little excursion into the world of politics, I could never understand anybody who would not want to be in the world of real estate. (Laughter.) Believe me. So I understand it. And we're with you 100 percent, and that's what you're going to do. Okay? (Applause.)
The miners told me about the attacks on their jobs and their livelihoods. They told me about the efforts to shut down their mines, their communities, and their very way of life. I made them this promise: We will put our miners back to work. (Applause.) We've already eliminated a devastating anti-coal regulation -- but that was just the beginning.
Today, I'm taking bold action to follow through on that promise. My administration is putting an end to the war on coal. We're going to have clean coal -- really clean coal. With today’s executive action, I am taking historic steps to lift the restrictions on American energy, to reverse government intrusion, and to cancel job-killing regulations. (Applause.) And, by the way, regulations not only in this industry, but in every industry. We're doing them by the thousands, every industry. And we're going to have safety, we're going to have clean water, we're going to have clear air. But so many are unnecessary, and so many are job killing. We're getting rid of the bad ones.
One after another, we’re keeping our promises and putting power back into the hands of the people. First, today’s energy independence action calls for an immediate reevaluation of the so-called Clean Power Plan. (Applause.) Perhaps no single regulation threatens our miners, energy workers, and companies more than this crushing attack on American industry.
Second, we are lifting the ban on federal leasing for coal production.
Third, we are lifting job-killing restrictions on the production of oil, natural gas, clean coal, and shale energy.
And finally, we are returning power to the states -- where that power belongs. States and local communities know what is best for them. They understand it. They get it. They’ve been doing it for a long time. It was taken away from them, and not handled well -- and they are the ones that we should now, and will now, empower to decide.
My action today is the latest in a series of steps to create American jobs and to grow American wealth. We’re ending the theft of American prosperity, and rebuilding our beloved country. We approved the permit to finally build the Keystone XL pipeline, and cleared the way to completion of the Dakota Access pipeline -- thousands and thousands of jobs. (Applause.)
We’ve already created a half a million new jobs in the first two jobs reports of my administration. And if you noticed today, Ford -- great company -- announced massive new spending on three big plants in the state of Michigan -- a state which I love very much. Do you remember what happened in Michigan? Remember, November 8th. Oh, that was an exciting Michigan evening. And Ford just made that announcement. That’s a great announcement. It’s a very important announcement. It means jobs, jobs, jobs.
We are going to continue to expand energy production, and we will also create more jobs in infrastructure, trucking, and manufacturing. This will allow the EPA to focus on its primary mission of protecting our air and protecting our water. Together, we are going to start a new energy revolution -- one that celebrates American production on American soil.
We want to make our goods here instead of shipping them in from other countries. All over the world, they ship in, ship in -- take the Americans' money, take the money, go home; take our jobs, take our companies. No longer, folks. No longer. We believe in those really magnificent words: Made in the USA. (Applause.) Right, fellas?
We will unlock job-producing natural gas, oil, and shale energy. We will produce American coal to power American industry. We will transport American energy through American pipelines, made with American steel. Made with American steel. Can you believe somebody would actually say that? (Applause.)
This came up a little bit coincidentally when I was signing the pipelines deals. I’m all signing, I’ve got them done. And I said, folks, where do we get the steel? And they said, I think it’s from foreign lands. And I said, no good. Who makes it? Who makes those beautiful pipes for the pipeline? Sir, they’re made outside of this country. I said, no more, no more. So we added a little clause -- didn’t take much -- that you want to build pipelines in this country? You’re going to buy your steel, and you’re going to have it fabricated here. Makes sense, right? Doesn’t it make sense, Bob? Think so. He knows. (Applause.)
Together, we will create millions of good American jobs -- also, so many energy jobs -- and really lead to unbelievable prosperity all throughout our country. And Rick Perry is going to have a lot to do with that.
I want to just thank everybody in this room. You’re all very special people. In particular, I want to thank the miners. You know, my guys, they’ll get enough thanks. These people haven’t had enough thanks. They’ve had a hard time for a long time. (Applause.) They’re tough-looking guys, too. I’ll tell you what -- not going to mess around with this group, right?
All right. Thank you, fellas. I made my promise and I keep my promise.
So I want to thank everybody in the room. God bless you, and God bless America. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Come on, fellas. Basically, you know what this is? You know what it says, right? You’re going back to work.
PARTICIPANT: Good. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: You’re going back to work.
Ready?
PARTICIPANT: We’re ready.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay. (Applause.)
(The executive order is signed.)
Come on. What about a miner? One of the miners -- who’s the miner back there? Only a miner. (Laughter.) Come on, fellas. You split it up. Cut it in -- (laughter) -- come on, where’s Ryan? Where's Ryan? Okay, Rick, you’ll split that up with Ryan.
I want to thank everybody very much. This is a great honor today. Very special, special people. And you're going to see a lot of progress. And Shelley, thank you very much. You have been fantastic. Really fantastic. Appreciate it. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
2:26 P.M. EDT11:09 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: The press must like you people. Look at all the press. Well, you’re the greatest people. You keep us safe, right?
PARTICIPANT: Yes, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: You keep us safe. It’s a tremendous honor to welcome the Fraternal Order of Police to the White House. So many of you I know for so long, and you’ve been friends of mine, and you do a great job. Nobody braver.
I want to thank your entire leadership team, including your national president, Chuck Canterbury. I also want to thank you for your support during the election. I guess you probably know, the numbers were extremely lopsided, right? I’m just trying to figure out who were the few people that voted the other way. Who are they? (Laughter.) Find out who they are, please, and let us know?
As I traveled the country during my campaign, I had the great privilege to spend time with our amazing police officers who risk their lives every day to keep us safe. And I made a crucial pledge: We will always support -- and you people know that better than anybody, you know me -- the incredible men and women of law enforcement. I will always have your back -- 100 percent, like you’ve always had mine, and you showed that on November 8th.
I’m also pleased to have with us our great Attorney General, Jeff Sessions. Thank you, Jeff, for being here. That was a big day you had yesterday too, on sanctuary cities.
ATTORNEY GENERAL SESSIONS: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: That was a very, very important thing you did, and, frankly, a very popular thing. So congratulations.
And Jeff is with us -- a strong supporter of law enforcement -- you know that. He was in Alabama. He was the attorney general. He was a U.S. attorney -- and a lot of people don’t know that. They know him as the senator, but the law enforcement people knew him more even as the other. So here to do a great job. Good, Jeff. Great to have you with us.
Sadly, our police are often prevented from doing their jobs. When policing is reduced, the main victims are the most vulnerable citizens of our society -- and you see that all over. In too many of our communities, violent crime is on the rise, and in too many places, our citizens have not been safe for a very, very long time.
These are the painful realities many in Washington do not want to talk about. They just don’t want to hear about it. And we have seen that -- we’ve seen it all over.
By the way, who is from the standpoint of New York? Where are my New York guys here?
PARTICIPANT: No New York.
THE PRESIDENT: That’s terrible. (Laughter.) I have one sitting in my office. He’s the greatest. He’s coming right in.
Last year, in Chicago, 4,368 people were shot. Nearly 700 more have already been shot since January of this year alone. I ask, what’s going on in Chicago, right? What is going on there? There’s no excuse for it. There’s no excuse for it. I’m sure you’re asking the same question: What’s going on in Chicago?
I also want to thank our Vice President for being with us. Mike Pence has been amazing -- an amazing Vice President, and very much a believer in law enforcement and the job you people do.
All of our citizens have the right to live in safety and peace. We will work every day to remove the gang members, drug dealers, and violent criminals from your communities -- and we already are. They’re being moved very quickly. In fact, General Kelly, as you know, has done a fantastic job on the border. Down 61 percent since inauguration. People coming in down 61 percent, which is a tremendous number.
My highest duty as President is the security of our people, the security of our nation. That is why I’ve already taken numerous actions to enhance domestic security, including the creation of Task Force on Reducing Violent Crime, an interagency task force to dismantle criminal cartels, along with historic actions to secure our borders and remove criminals from our country. We’re removing MS-13. We’re removing criminals all over the country. They’re getting out. We’re taking them out. And for that, I thank you folks. I know you’re in strict coordination with General Kelly and the border patrol and ICE, and you’ve been doing a fantastic job.
As President, I will work night and day to make America safe again. And we’ve already done a big part of it. You’ll see the numbers come out very soon. I just want to thank all of you for your leadership. I want to thank all of you for your expertise, the job you’ve done. And it’s a great honor to be with you today.
And we’ll now go around and just introduce yourselves. Introduce yourself in front of all this live television. It’s always live for me. You know, unfortunately, the other guys -- they make a speech and don’t -- with me, everything is live. One mistake and it’s no good. But we just can’t make mistakes, right? So we don’t make mistakes.
Go ahead.
MR. CANTERBURY: I’m Chuck Canterbury, the National President of Fraternal Order of Police, from South Carolina.
MR. McDONALD: I’m Jay McDonald. I’m the Vice President of the National Fraternal Order of Police, and I’m from Ohio.
MR. PENOZA: I’m Tom Penoza. I’m the treasurer of the National Fraternal Order of Police, and I’m from Delaware.
MR. YOES: I’m Patrick Yoes. I’m the national secretary, and I’m from Louisiana.
MR. MAYBERRY: Roger Mayberry, national sergeant at arms, from California.
MR. MCNESBY: John McNesby, president in Philadelphia.
MR. PERKINS: Joe Perkins. I’m the chairman of the national trustees, and I’m from Oklahoma.
MR. ANGELO: I’m Dean Angelo. I’m the President of Chicago Lodge 7.
MR. PASCO: Jim Pasco -- I’m the executive director of the National FOP, and I reside in Maryland.
THE PRESIDENT: Good. Okay, thank you very much.
END
11:16 A.M. EDTEast Room
7:26 P.M. EDT
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Thanks so very much. You may be seated. Well, on behalf of the First Family, it is a great, great privilege for Karen and I to welcome you to the White House for what I know will be a very special evening tonight. And as the President of the Senate, it's particularly meaningful for me to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the Senate to this very special evening.
I want to give special appreciation to Leader McConnell and Leader Schumer. Thank you so much for both being here tonight. (Applause.) Thank you for your service to the nation. And also, the President Pro Tem of the Senate, Orrin Hatch -- I think the longest-serving member of the United States Senate -- is with us. (Applause.) And lastly, a rousing round of applause for the spouses that are with us tonight -- (applause) -- that make the sacrifices so that the members who are here can serve. (Applause.) The First Family is particularly moved that so many family members could be here this evening. So I thank you all for making time to be with us.
This will be an inspiring night, and hopefully the will be an encouraging night. I know the President and the First Lady and Karen and I are well familiar with the sacrifices of public life. And tonight is just, from the First Family to each one of you, a small token of their appreciation for your service to your state and your service to the people of the United States of America.
So, with that said, it is my high honor and distinct privilege to introduce our host and hostess for this evening -- the President of the United States of America and Mrs. Melania Trump. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Mike. Thank you very much. (Applause.) Thank you very much. Nobody ever told me that politics was going to be so much fun. (Laughter.) But we're doing well. It's going very well.
We just had a call -- long call from General Mattis. And, John, I know, is very happy to hear that, but he knows better than anybody, we're doing very well in Iraq. Our soldiers are fighting and fighting like never before, and the results are very, very good. So I just wanted to let everyone know.
I have some very special friends in this room, especially -- I must tell you, we have the Republicans, but I even have a couple of Democrats. I said -- we had a dinner here about three weeks ago, and it was so beautiful. We had these incredible musicians from the Marine Corps and from the Army -- incredible, actually. And I said, you know, I'd like to do something special -- I'd like to ask the United States Senate, with spouses, to come and hear how good it was. It was just a beautiful evening.
And so here we are. And shockingly, it's semi-bipartisan. A lot of people showed up that people weren't expecting, which is a very good thing. (Applause.) Which is a very, very good thing.
And I know that we're all going to make a deal on healthcare -- that's such an easy one. (Laughter.) So I have no doubt that that's going to happen very quickly. I think it will, actually. I think it's going to happen -- because we've all been promising -- Democrat, Republican -- we've all been promising that to the American people. So I think a lot of good things are going to happen there.
We're going to talk about infrastructure. We're going to talk about fixing up our military, which we really need. There has been a depletion, and we're going to make it so good and so strong. And there’s, I think, never been a time where we needed it so much.
And we're going to be doing a great job. But hopefully it will start being bipartisan, because everybody really wants the same thing. We want greatness for this country that we love. So I think we're going to have some very good relationships.
Right, Chuck? I see Chuck. Hello, Chuck. (Laughter.)
And I really think that will happen.
So, again, enjoy these incredible musicians. They are really something special. And I hope we're going to do this many, many times together as a unit. Thank you all for being here.
Melania, thank you very much. Our Vice President. Did we make the right decision with Pence? (Applause.) Right? And, Karen, thank you very much. So nice. Thank you.
Thank you, everybody. Have a good time.
END
7:31 P.M. EDT11:10 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Good morning, everybody. Thank you very much. It’s my pleasure to welcome such incredible women, including my daughter --
PARTICIPANTS: Yeah!
THE PRESIDENT: -- and unbelievable entrepreneurs and small business leaders to the White House. And also, Linda, thank you very much. You've been doing an amazing job -- I hear working 24 hours a day is what the word is. (Laughter.) Good. I'm not surprised.
ADMINISTRATOR McMAHON: Trying to keep up with you.
(Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: I'm not surprised. And I want to thank
Linda for joining us today. She's doing a fantastic job leading the Small Business Administration, and she herself, as you know, is a great, great success story and a woman entrepreneur at the highest level. So thank you very much, Linda.
Empowering and promoting women in business is an absolute priority in the Trump administration because I know how crucial women are as job creators, role models, and leaders all throughout our communities.
As we conclude Women’s History Month, I am thrilled that we can meet to discuss how we can continue this important mission. You all have incredible stories. Many of you started businesses from scratch, with very, very limited resources -- sounds like I'm right about you, Lisa, right? (Laughter.) But you had the grit and determination to make your dreams become a reality, right?
ADMINISTRATOR McMAHON: Yes.
THE PRESIDENT: It's fantastic. Now you're providing hundreds of jobs across our country -- thousands of jobs. And you're really an inspiration to everybody -- and that's men and women, believe me. A lot of men out there, they're not doing what you're able to do.
Today, women are the primary source of income in 40 percent of American households with children under the age of 15. We also know that companies that promote women to senior leadership roles realize significantly better profits, according to statistics, than their competitors. I wouldn’t have known that. Dina, how does that work? Tell me. That's pretty impressive.
We must ensure that our economy is a place where women can work and thrive. We will continue to address the barriers faced by women professionals and entrepreneurs, including access to capital, access to markets, and access to networks. We will make it very easy. It's going to be a lot easier. You do an amazing job. And for a while it was a very, very tough -- almost impossible -- job.
My administration will also continue to advocate for policies that support working families, including making childcare more affordable and accessible. That's something that Ivanka Trump -- now Ivanka Trump Kushner -- that you really have been working on and feel so strongly about -- my daughter. I actually talked about it a lot during the campaign, and Ivanka was right up front. I also want to recognize Ivanka for helping to lead a national initiative to promote women business leaders and entrepreneurs. And the Chancellor of Germany is going to -- has asked Ivanka to go to Germany, and she'll be working on similar issues with Chancellor Merkel. So that will be very exciting for you. That's going to happen very soon. It's a very great honor.
I look forward to hearing your stories and discussing how we can work together to help all of your dreams come true and make it easier for those dreams to come true.
And with that, I'm going to turn it over to our great Vice President, Mike Pence. And thank you, Mike, for being here.
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Mr. President. And I want to thank all these business leaders for taking the time for a conversation with a President who I think is going to be the best friend that small business in America will ever have. And I believe that President Donald Trump is the best friend that women in business in this country will ever have. It is remarkable to think, here at the close of Women's History Month, of the impact that women-owned businesses have on our economy, Mr. President -- more than 9.4 million firms, employing 8 million Americans, and annual revenues of $1.5 trillion.
Women business owners and women-owned enterprises are an enormous force in the American economy, and I know this President is committed to continuing to promote the kinds of policies that will make it possible for your firms to grow, and for more women-led businesses to be born and to thrive all across America. The President is advancing an agenda of less regulation, less taxes, and investments in infrastructure, fair trade, and addressing healthcare costs to make healthcare affordable, not only for small business owners but for employees across the country.
Mr. President, I'm particularly pleased to be able to welcome a fellow Hoosier -- (laughter) -- to this conversation, Ms. Shirley Ann Perry. The owner of HydroTech is with us today, and she herself has a remarkable success story.
With that said, it's a privilege for me to be alongside the President today to listen in and to learn how we might better partner with each one of you and with women-owned businesses across the country to grow and thrive in this economy. And one of the great women business leaders in the country is helping the administration accomplish that, and so let me turn it over to Ivanka Trump.
MS. TRUMP: Thank you, Vice President. And thank you all so much for being here. It's the perfect culmination of Women's History Month to have all of you around the table sharing with us both your successes and also the unique challenges that you face as women entrepreneurs and small business owners.
I feel very blessed to have met so many of you over the course of the past couple months -- Lisa in Baltimore; right here in D.C., Claudia -- and hearing your personal stories and your journeys of how you became job creators. And you truly exemplify women's economic empowerment.
So we're grateful to have you join us today. And maybe we'll launch right in -- Claudia, if you want to start us off and tell us a little bit about your personal experience.
MS. MIRZA: My personal experience. Thank you very much for taking the time to listen to us. It means a lot as small business owners. Akorbi is a company with 930 employees. I started it after I lost my job. We provide multilingual business communications around the world to empower global corporations to do business abroad.
THE PRESIDENT: Great. And you've done a great job.
MS. MIRZA: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Lisa.
MS. NICHOLS: I'm Lisa Nichols. I'm the CEO and co-founder of Technology Partners. We're an information technology staffing and solutions company working across the nation. We will celebrate our 23rd birthday May the 4th. And just very, very blessed to be a part of this roundtable. Thank you so much. I'm very thankful.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. And I hear that Lisa Phillips has an amazing story to tell. (Laughter.) Can you tell it in front of all these cameras? (Laughter.) I hear that you have one of the really amazing stories to tell. So you want me to ask the press to leave? I will. (Laughter.)
Go ahead.
MS. PHILLIPS: I just hope I don’t cry. So thank you, Ivanka, Dina, Mr. President, Mr. Vice President. Thank you for this platform. I’m Lisa Phillips. I’m the owner of Celeebrate Us -- gift baskets and parties. I celebrate families.
I provide working families with very elaborate events that they otherwise wouldn’t be able to afford. And my own personal story -- I manage and help train homeless youth because I was once homeless myself. And I really, really, really was almost to the point of hopelessness. And so -- but what a great country we live in. This is a country of chances. And I’ve been given chances, and so I employ people that need a chance. And so, in May, I’ll be receiving my MBA, and you’re all invited to my graduation. (Applause.)
But one of the things that is required for this country is hard work. And if you are willing to work hard, you’ll get that chance. And so I’m a product of hard work, and so that’s what this country was built on. And thank you, Mr. President. Thank you for giving us a seat at the table, because what we do is we’re going to take this back to people that couldn’t be here, and give them the information and empower them.
There’s a dress owner at the store next to me, and I’m wearing one of his outfits. So I’m going to take pictures, and he’s going to send these pictures back to India, to his family. And so that’s how we help one another as business owners. We give someone else a platform. So thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Great job. You’ve done a fantastic job. Thank you, Lisa.
MS. TRUMP: One of the things that I was so amazed in your story -- and everyone around this table -- is not only the incredible job that you’ve done in building your businesses, but also the impact you’re having within your communities in terms of the work you’re doing to empower other men and women and children. So it’s really remarkable.
MS. PHILLIPS: Thank you so much. Because the worst thing you can feel is hopeless. And so the youth that I train, the homeless, when they’re dealing with breast cancer, I’ll do a workshop and empower them that, hey, that no matter where you are, that you can be elevated. Just look around, you’re going to find someone that’s willing to cheer you on. And so we just graduated a group of youth from our homeless unit in Baltimore -- our homeless program -- and now they’re working at one of the local hospitals. And one of the hospital officials actually called me and said, can you send us some more. So kudos to those young people --
THE PRESIDENT: That’s great.
MS. PHILLIPS: -- that they really want to be able to advocate.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Lisa. Thank you very much.
MS. POPE-WELLS: That’s a great story. My name is Amy Pope-Wells. I’m the owner of Link Staffing, but I also own another company called Tire Diva. There’s not too many females in the tire business -- (inaudible).
THE PRESIDENT: Great name, actually. (Laughter.)
MS. POPE-WELLS: Thank you, Mr. President. You know, coming here today, I was thinking about what I would say, and my businesses are my passion, but we would never have a place at this table if it wasn’t for you. Opening up your new administration is doing so much, and I need you to know that we’re taking that to our communities.
One of the things that happened for me was -- part of my story is, I was a nurse by graduation, and I spent years -- and that was the status quo in the community that I lived in, but something inside of me wanted to do more. And I’ll never forget, my first job was an executive job, flying across the United States, going hospital to hospital, looking at the challenges and the problems, and I did that for 15 years, and it just felt like I was banging my head up against a wall, but I knew there was so much more opportunity.
So I went and started my own company. I said, you know what, I’ll just be a boutique firm, but you can’t keep that inside. So I started my business and grew it. Started partnering with companies like Walmart and Starbucks, and just working myself to the bone to service them. And everybody was like, why are you doing that? And it’s like, because it’s the right thing to do. I’m giving hundreds of people jobs.
And that led those relationships over to starting Tire Diva. What I did was I took that, and I started the Women’s Empowerment Foundation three years ago, and I would bring -- I bring 75 to 100, give or take, women that come, and I want them to have that inspiration. And sometimes it’s difficult. But being here at this table gives me the inspiration to keep going, because I want to share that and make people feel empowered. You always have to work hard, so there’s no quick, easy way to do it. But if you can provide a guide, that’s where it’s at, you know?
THE PRESIDENT: Good job.
MS. POPE-WELLS: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Great enthusiasm. Good. Thank you.
Yes, Lili.
MS. GIL VALLETTA: Yes, first of all, thank you so much, Ivanka. You've been a facilitator for us. I know that you, at the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, have been instrumental in getting four of us Latinas around the table. So I’m proud to be one of them, and grateful for the issues and challenges that we face. I’m an immigrant from Colombia, and I came to this country with a suitcase, and a student visa, and a pocket translator -- without speaking a word of a English -- at the age of 17.
And then fast-forward, and after a successful corporate career -- I was at Johnson & Johnson for 10 years -- passion drove me to quit my corporate job, which was very comfortable. But what drove me was the shifting demographics of this country. If we are quickly becoming a majority minority nation, we have the advantage -- economic advantage -- of diversity. So what I do for a living with CIEN+, a culture (inaudible) big data analytics company, is helping the corporate leaders and Fortune 500 companies understand how to turn shifting demographics into money, into our lives, into growth.
And that’s why I’m here. I’m so delighted to share more about my journey as an immigrant. We are there, working hard, and the American Dream is real. So thank you for the opportunity to share with you, with Mr. Vice President as well, the SBA Administrator. I can’t wait to find solutions for us to work together positively forward.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Lili, very much. Thank you.
MS. PERRY: Hi, I’m Shirley Perry. I’m from Anderson, Indiana. I’m a very small environmental group engaged in environmental cleanups and environmental consulting.
I have seven employees, so I’m little. We started it 30 years ago, and then I became sole owner in 2013. And we just do what we can for the environment. We clean up around gas stations, dry cleaners. We do testing of asbestos and mold. And it’s just a good business to have, and it’s a great day to be here.
THE PRESIDENT: You've done a great job. Thank you very much.
MS. PERRY: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Linda, would you like to say something?
ADMINISTRATOR McMAHON: Well, I’m just delighted to be here this morning. And I know what it’s like for women who are often working in a male environment. Goodness knows, I can recognize that. (Laughter.)
But it’s just great to hear all of the stories from all of you, and I’m really excited to be at SBA because we do have our Women’s Business Centers. We do have those centers to help guide, to help and advise, to help them do business plans. And we have them all over the country.
So we welcome you to come in, or for people who would like to (inaudible) to our centers, who would like to be helpful in any way we can -- helping to provide more access to capital. And I think we were talking about, Amy, just sometimes you just need a little wind beneath your wings. So we're going to help provide hard information, but also a little wind beneath your wings.
So thank you, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Linda. Great job.
ADMINISTRATOR McMAHON: Thank you, Ivanka, Dina for setting this up. I’m really pleased to be here.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thanks so very much.
MS. FUNEGRA: Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you, Ivanka. That feels like a second date, right? (Laughter.)
MS. TRUMP: I feel very fortunate.
MS. FUNEGRA: We got together a little more than 10 days ago through the United States Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, and I’m proud to represent immigrants and Hispanics today. I’m also an immigrant. I moved from Peru 10 years ago to work in international development for a multilateral organization here. And I also quit my job and used my savings to start La Cocina VA, which is "the kitchen." It’s an organization that provides vocational and technical education and jobs to unemployed and under-employed immigrant women, in partnership with local governments, with higher education institutions, with private sector, and help this population to start businesses.
So when Lisa mentioned how important it is to make our dreams come true, I have a unique position: I help others make their dreams come true with vocational education, empowering women to believe in the possibility of success and open businesses. So the model that we are ready to replicate now in other cities and in other communities integrates governments, integrates private sector, and all the power and resources that that represents in order to really make impactful results in our communities. And we're growing as communities. Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
MS. SCANLON RABINOWITZ: Hello. My name is Suzie Scanlon Rabinowitz. I am co-founder and managing director of an alternative legal model. We have a national network of more than 20,000 well-credentialed attorneys who are immediately available to support any legal department on a full-time or part-time engagement basis.
And how we're making a difference is the legal industry has historically really been challenged in working with women on a more flexible basis and also the diversity and inclusion issues. And so my businesses are helping to allow women who are returning to the profession after leaving to raise a family or take care of an aging parent come back and work on a more flexible basis.
And also what we're doing is we provide lawyers on an engagement basis to help Fortune 500 companies. And we're able to address some of the unconscious biases that exist by promoting women and minorities in roles that typically wouldn’t go to women and minorities. And when our clients see how terrific our lawyers are, we give them permission to hire them directly. And it’s really making an impact on promoting women and minorities at the highest level.
THE PRESIDENT: That's great. Great.
MS. SCANLON RABINOWITZ: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Where are you based?
MS. SCANLON RABINOWITZ: So we're a virtual platform, but based in New York and Connecticut.
THE PRESIDENT: That's wonderful. Great job, thank you. Thanks, Suzie.
MS. SCANLON RABINOWITZ: Thank you.
MS. GIBBENS: Mr. President, Mr. Vice President, Dina, Ivanka, Administrator McMahon, it is an honor and pleasure to be here as part of this process.
I am Dyan Gibbens; I lead Trumbell Unmanned. We're a Houston-based, a Forbes Top 25, veteran-founded company, and we provide critical data to the energy sector. And we fly drones in challenging and austere environments.
Now, we primarily support oil and gas in environmental efforts, and we're all engineers, UV operators, and pilots. You know how you know if someone is a pilot? They’ll tell you. (Laughter.) They’ll tell you that a personal passion is promoting STEM for the next generation. And we've partnered with BP for drone camps at Rice University. We've partnered with Intel for a global STEM initiative. We hope to reach thousands -- tens of thousands with that. We've also partnered with Microsoft for an online drone academy that we hope to reach millions of people.
So my goal today is to help change this meeting and create a movement. And thank you for your time.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. That sounds fantastic. Thank you.
Okay, folks, thank you. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: Oh, the most important --
MS. JOHNSON: Good morning, Mr. President, Vice President, Ivanka --
THE PRESIDENT: Stay for Jessica.
MS. JOHNSON: Administrator McMahon, my name is Jessica Johnson-Cope. I’m the president and CEO of Johnson Security Bureau. This week, Johnson Security will celebrate its 55th anniversary. We are a third-generation, family-owned and operated security services firm based in the South Bronx of New York. And we provide security guard services, as well as armored car services to protect people, places, and valuable property across the New York metropolitan area.
And I really relate to your story. I relate to your working closely with Ivanka and working side by side because I took over my family’s business once my father was diagnosed with terminal cancer. And we worked in the trenches until he passed away. And so I really respect what you two do together and hope to be able to continue our family legacy, and to help other family-owned businesses as a result of our conversation today.
THE PRESIDENT: Great job. Great job, Jessica. Thank you.
Thank you very much, everybody.
END
11:31 A.M. EDTYour browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript:
My fellow Americans,
This week, in the company of astronauts, I was honored to sign the NASA Transition Authorization Act right into law. With this legislation, we renew our national commitment to NASA's mission of exploration and discovery. And we continue a tradition that is as old as mankind. We look to the heavens with wonder and curiosity.
More than two decades ago, one scientist followed his curiosity and dramatically changed our understanding of the universe. The year was 1995. Taxpayers were spending billions and billions of dollars on NASA's Hubble Space Telescope. The astronomer in charge had a novel idea. He wanted to use the expensive telescope in a totally unconventional way.
Instead of pointing Hubble's eye at nearby stars or distant formations, Robert Williams wanted to peer into the void. He aimed the massive telescope at one of the emptiest regions of the night sky. For ten days during Christmas of 1995, Hubble stared into the abyss—seeking whatever light it could glean from the darkness. And it was total darkness.
Fellow astronomers didn't know if he'd see much of anything. But Williams was rewarded—and the entire world was struck by the awesome images our satellite returned. In that tiny patch of sky, the Hubble Deep Field showed thousands of lights. Each brilliant spot represented not a single star but an entire galaxy.
The discovery was absolutely incredible. But the unforgettable image did not satisfy our deep hunger for knowledge. It increased evermore and even more and reminded us how much we do not know about space; frankly, how much we do not know about life.
With this week's NASA reauthorization, we continue progress on Hubble's successor, the James Webb Space Telescope. It is amazing. The Webb Telescope is set to launch next year. It will gaze back through time and space to the very first stars and the earliest galaxies in the universe. We can only imagine what incredible visions it will bring.
At a time when Washington is consumed with the daily debates of our Nation, I was proud that Congress came together overwhelmingly to reaffirm our Nation's commitment to expanding the frontiers of knowledge.
NASA's greatest discoveries teach us many, many things. One lesson is the need to view old questions with fresh eyes. To have the courage to look for answers in places we have never looked before. To think in new ways because we have new information. Most of all, new discoveries remind us that, in America, anything is possible if we have the courage and wisdom to learn.
In the span of one lifetime, our Nation went from black and white pictures of the first airplanes, to beautiful images of the oldest galaxies, captured by a camera in outer space.
I am confident that if Americans can achieve these things, there is no problem we cannot solve. There is no challenge we cannot meet. There is no aim that is too high.
Whatever it takes and however long it will be, we are a Nation of problem solvers—and the future belongs to us.
We are truly a great place to be. I love America.4:26 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. We were very close, and it was a very, very tight margin. We had no Democrat support. We had no votes from the Democrats. They weren’t going to give us a single vote, so it's a very difficult thing to do.
I've been saying for the last year and a half that the best thing we can do politically speaking is let Obamacare explode. It is exploding right now. Many states have big problems -- almost all states have big problems. I was in Tennessee the other day, and they’ve lost half of their state in terms of an insurer; they have no insurer. And that's happened to many other places. I was in Kentucky the other day, and similar things are happening.
So Obamacare is exploding. With no Democrat support, we couldn't quite get there. We were just a very small number of votes short in terms of getting our bill passed. A lot of people don't realize how good our bill was because they were viewing phase one. But when you add phase two -- which was mostly the signings of Secretary Price, who's behind me -- and you add phase three, which I think we would have gotten -- it became a great bill. Premiums would have gone down and it would have been very stable, it would have been very strong. But that's okay.
But we're very, very close. And again, I think what will happen is Obamacare, unfortunately, will explode. It's going to have a very bad year. Last year you had over a 100 percent increases in various places. In Arizona, I understand it's going up very rapidly again, like it did last year; last year it was 116 percent. Many places, 50, 60, 70 percent, I guess it averaged -- whatever the average was -- very, very high. And this year should be much worse for Obamacare.
So what would be really good, with no Democrat support, is if the Democrats, when it explodes -- which it will soon -- if they got together with us and got a real healthcare bill. I would be totally up to do it. And I think that's going to happen. I think the losers are Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer, because now they own Obamacare. They own it -- 100 percent own it.
And this is not a Republican healthcare, this is not anything but a Democrat healthcare. And they have Obamacare for a little while longer, until it ceases to exist, which it will at some point in the near future. And just remember this is not our bill, this is their bill.
Now, when they all become civilized and get together, and try and work out a great healthcare bill for the people of this country, we're open to it. We're totally open to it.
I want to thank the Republican Party. I want to thank Paul Ryan -- he worked very, very hard, I will tell you that. He worked very, very hard. Tom Price and Mike Pence -- who’s right here -- our Vice President, our great Vice President. Everybody worked hard. I worked as a team player and would have loved to have seen it passed. But again, I think you know I was very clear, I think there wasn’t a speech I made, or very few where I didn’t mention that perhaps the best thing that can happen is exactly what happened today, because we'll end up with a truly great healthcare bill in the future, after this mess known as Obamacare explodes.
So I want to thank everybody for being here. It will go very smoothly, I really believe. I think this is something -- it certainly was an interesting period of time. We all learned a lot. We learned a lot about loyalty. We learned a lot about the vote-getting process. We learned a lot about some very arcane rules in, obviously, both the Senate and in the House. So it's been -- certainly for me, it's been a very interesting experience. But in the end, I think it's going to be an experience that leads to an even better healthcare plan.
So thank you all very much. And I'll see you soon.
Q Mr. President, is it now your intention to go for tax reform? Or what’s next on your priority list?
THE PRESIDENT: We'll be going right now for tax reform, which we could have done earlier, but this really would have worked out better if we could have had some Democrat support. Remember this: We had no Democrat support. So now we're going to go for tax reform, which I've always liked.
Q And you're confident in Speaker Ryan's leadership and his ability to get things done?
THE PRESIDENT: Yes, I am. I like Speaker Ryan. He worked very, very hard. A lot of different groups, he's got a lot of factions. And there's been a long history of liking and disliking, even within the Republican Party, long before I got here. But I've had a great relationship with the Republican Party. It seems that both sides like Trump, and that's good. And you see that, I guess, more clearly than anybody.
But we've had a -- I'm not going to speak badly about anybody within the party. But certainly there's a big history. I think Paul really worked hard. And I would say that we will probably start going very, very strong for the big tax cuts and tax reform. That will be next.
Q Sir, is it fair to Americans to let Obamacare explode?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, it's going to happen. There's not much you can do about it. It's going to -- bad things are going to happen to Obamacare. There's not much you can do to help it. I've been saying that for a year and a half. I said, look, eventually it's not sustainable. The insurance companies are leaving -- you know that. They're leaving one by one, as quick as you can leave. And you have states, in some cases, who will not be covered. So there's no way out of that.
But the one thing that was happening, as we got closer and closer, everybody was talking about how wonderful it was, and now we'll go back to real life and people will see how bad it is. And it's getting much worse.
You know, I said the other day, when President Obama left -- '17, he knew he wasn’t going to be here; '17 is going to be a very, very bad year for Obamacare. Very, very bad. You're going to have explosive premium increases. And the deductibles are so high people don’t even get to use it.
So they'll go with that for a little while. And I honestly believe -- I know some of the Democrats, and they're good people -- I honestly believe the Democrats will come to us and say, look, let's get together and get a great healthcare bill or plan that's really great for the people of our country. And I think that's going to happen.
Q If you could have passed the bill in the House without any Democratic support, why do you think you weren’t able to craft a deal among the Republican Party?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, we were very close. We were just probably anywhere from 10 to 15 votes short. Could have even been closer than that. You'll never know because you'll never know how they vote. But in the end, I think we would have been 10 votes, maybe closer. And it was very hard to get almost 100 percent. You're talking about a very, very large number of votes -- among any group. And we were very close to doing it. But when you get no votes from the other side -- meaning the Democrats -- it's really a difficult situation.
Q Will you reach out to the Democrats now?
THE PRESIDENT: No, I think we have to let Obamacare go its way for a little while, and we'll see how things go. I'd love to see it do well, but it can't. I mean, it can't. It's not a question of, gee -- I hope it does well. I would love it to do well. I want great healthcare for the people of this nation. But it can't do well. It's imploding, and soon will explode, and it's not going to be pretty.
So the Democrats don’t want to see that, so they're going to reach out when they're ready. And whenever they're ready, we're ready.
Q Do you feel betrayed by the House Freedom Caucus at all? They seemed to be the most difficult to get.
THE PRESIDENT: No, I'm not betrayed. They're friends of mine. I'm disappointed because we could have had it. So I'm disappointed. I'm a little surprised, to be honest with you. We really had it. It was pretty much there within grasp. But I'll tell you what's going to come out of it is a better bill -- I really believe a better bill. Because there were things in this bill I didn’t particularly love. And I think it's a better bill.
You know, both parties can get together and do real healthcare. That's the best thing. Obamacare was rammed down everyone's throat -- 100 percent Democrat. And I think having bipartisan would be a big, big improvement.
So, no, I think that this is going to end up being a very good thing. I'm disappointed, but they're friends of mine, and they got -- this is a very hard time for them and a very hard vote. But they're very good people.
Q You mentioned that there were things in this bill that you didn’t necessarily love. What specifically are those?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I think we could have things that I would have liked more. And if we had bipartisan, I really think we could have a healthcare bill that would be the ultimate. And I think the Democrats know that also. And some day, in the not--too-distant future, that will happen.
And I never said -- I guess I'm here, what, 64 days? I never said repeal and replace Obamacare -- you've all heard my speeches -- I never said repeal it and replace it within 64 days. I have a long time. But I want to have a great healthcare bill and plan -- and we will. It will happen. And it won't be in the very distant future. I really believe there will be some Democrat support, and that will happen, and it will be an even better bill. I think this was a very good bill. I think it will be even better the next time around. I don’t think that's going to be in too long a period of time.
Q Anything specifically you want to see changed going from this bill to the next bill?
THE PRESIDENT: No, I mean, I don’t want to speak about specifics, but there are things I could have -- I would have liked even more. But I feel overall this was a very, very good bill. And I thought Tom Price -- Dr. Tom Price -- who really is amazing on healthcare, his knowledge -- I thought he did a fantastic job. Same with Mike Pence. I think these two guys -- they worked so hard and really did a fantastic job.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
END
4:36 P.M. EDT4:11 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. This is a great honor for me. These are very, very brave people standing behind me. And we're here today to mark Medal of Honor Day, and it is my great privilege and high honor to welcome 25 Medal of Honor recipients to our White House. Very special honor, thank you all very much. (Applause.) I can say officially they are much braver than I am, okay? (Laughter.) Do you agree with that, General?
GENERAL MATTIS: I do, Mr. President. (Laughter.)
A MEDAL OF HONOR RECIPIENT: That's the right answer. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: It is the right answer.
One-third of the nation’s 75 living Medal of Honor recipients are with us. So it’s really -- that's a great tribute to all of us, a great tribute to our nation.
Each of you has risen above and beyond the call of duty in defense of our country, our people, and our flag. You have poured out your hearts, your sweat, and your tears like few others, and your blood -- most importantly your blood for the United States of America. We thank you, very much thank you.
You are the soul of our nation, and a grateful republic salutes you. Constantly we're saluting you. We have great admiration and respect, believe me. I know what you've been through.
We write your names and deeds in our national memory, and we will forever remember -- forever, forever and ever -- those who did not come home, but who died for the cause of freedom.
I want to thank the Congressional Medal of Honor Foundation for preserving the incredible stories of our Medal of Honor heroes for future generations. Done a great job.
In this room hangs the portrait of our 26th President, Theodore Roosevelt. He was awarded the Medal of Honor for his courage alongside his band of Rough Riders at the Battle of San Juan Hill. You know about the Rough Riders, right? Right? Absolutely. His medal, which is also displayed here, is a reminder of how blessed we truly are to live in the land of heroes. And you are our greatest heroes.
To all of those gathered here today, and to all of those warriors who could not be with us, we thank you. Your acts of valor inspire us -- and they show us that there is always someone on the night watch to ensure a bright sun rises on America each and every morning.
God bless you. God bless our military and God bless the United States of America.
I want to just thank you very much for being here. It’s my great honor. (Applause.)
And as you know, we have David who is doing a great job at the VA. Already tremendous signs are happening, positive signs. And we have General Mattis who is doing a great job out there on the field, and you see a big difference. A lot of difference taking place over the last six weeks. So I want to thank General Mattis, too. And thank you all, and it’s great to have met you.
Oh, look at this.
A MEDAL OF HONOR RECIPIENT: Mr. President, on behalf of the Medal of Honor Society, I’d like to present a book “Portraits of Valor,” which contains all the signatures of the men in the room here, plus about 200 Medal of Honor recipients.
THE PRESIDENT: That is very nice. That is very nice. (Applause.)
I know these folks would like to stand behind me when I do this, but I don't want to put them in a political situation, so we're going to talk a little politics. And I think it might be unfair to them, so I’ll ask them to -- they're going to go over to the Roosevelt Room, and we’ll see you a little bit later. We're going to do -- unless the press doesn't want to talk politics? (Laughter.) No? Okay, well, they do. But I want to thank you all very much.
END
4:15 P.M. EDT2:37 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: I love the Greeks. Oh, do I love the Greeks. (Laughter and applause.) Don’t forget, I come from New York. That's all I see, is Greeks. They are all over the place. (Laughter.)
Thank you very much, Reince. Very much appreciated. Reince was the most successful leader the RNC -- that's called the Republican National Committee -- has ever had. And now, as my really terrific and hardworking Chief of Staff, he has really one of the number-one -- and I guess you'd have to say, he's one of the top Greeks in the country. And I know a lot of them right in the audience -- they're my friends. (Applause.)
And the list also includes, as you know, George Gigicos -- (applause) -- George. George is great. I said, make sure that microphone is absolutely perfect, George. He never lets me -- the Director of White House Advance. And George Sifakis -- (applause) -- where's George? And these guys are with me right from the beginning -- the Director of the Office of Public Liaison. It's a great team. It's a great, great team. Can't do any better.
They helped organize this wonderful event with the Greek Archdiocese of America and so many local parishioners. And I want to thank you all. You're here, you're all over the audience. I want to thank you all.
Your Eminence and Father Alex, it is a true privilege to host you at the White House. I was deeply honored to have you both at my inauguration -- it was a great day -- and I am grateful for your presence here today. I also want to thank you for awarding Reince and George the highest honor of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America -- the Medal of Saint Paul.
To everyone in the youth choir who just performed -- they were beautiful. (Applause.) I heard that music. I heard that music. With such elegance and grace, you're amazing -- you really are. Beautiful, beautiful sounds. I know you made your parents very proud. And you make all of us proud, right?
Today we commemorate an event that we have marked with a national day of celebration for 30 years: Greek Independence Day. Very important. President Ronald Reagan started this wonderful tradition, and we are thrilled to continue it, and always will. Greek Independence Day celebrates the rebirth of liberty for the Greek people. It commemorates the fight for the Greek Independence that began on March 25th, 1821. After nearly 400 years of outside rule, the Greeks longed to regain their sovereignty.
This love of freedom and democracy has formed a lasting bond between our two countries. It is a bond that has its origins in Ancient Greece -- “the birthplace of Democracy.”
American President James Monroe and the great American statesman Daniel Webster both supported Greece’s struggle for independence. And it was a tough, tough struggle, you know that. Then-Representative Webster honored the role of Greece in forming civilization, and said that “We, like the rest of mankind, are greatly her debtors.”
In years to come, we don’t know what will be required to defend our freedom, but we do know that it will demand great, great courage -- a courage from all of us -- and we will show it, and I have no doubt about that.
Drawing inspiration from our history and those who come before, we will rise to any occasion. We have a country that, as you know, has certain difficulties, has certain problems. We will solve those problems and we will quickly solve those difficulties. Just watch. (Applause.)
I want to thank you all for coming to the White House today. We celebrate Greek history, and we applaud the tremendous contributions of your people to our beloved country.
May God bless you all. And with that, I would like to recognize His Eminence. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
2:42 P.M. EDT11:03 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. We greatly appreciate you being here. I’m delighted to welcome Tom Rutledge, Chairman and CEO of Charter Communications -- a great company -- to the White House. I'm also very honored that my friend, Texas Governor Greg Abbott -- my good friend and supporter -- we love you -- is here with us today. Very appropriate. He’s done a fantastic job in Texas, and we had a previous governor who did a very good job, right?
GOVERNOR ABBOTT: Right. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: Right. He’s around here someplace. Standing right over there.
I'm very excited about the announcement we are about to make. First, some background.
Five years ago Charter Communications was a struggling company that had slowly emerged from bankruptcy. Today, thanks to hard work and unbelievable leadership, truly great leadership, it’s the fastest-growing television, Internet, and voice company in the nation. I would say that's a good job. Not bad.
Tom Rutledge and his team turned the company around, and they did it very quickly. They created a culture of customer service and excellence. And, most importantly, they brought back many jobs that had been shipped overseas -- something that's happening far too often, but we're changing that. That is very good for certain businesses but not good for the United States, not good for America, not good for our people.
When American workers win, America as a country wins. We want to have companies that thrive and hire and grow right here in America. And we want them to use American workers and American citizens.
Today I am thrilled to announce that Charter Communications has just committed to investing $25 billion -- with a B, $25 billion -- you're sure that's right, right? (Laughter.) With a B, right -- $25 billion here in the United States, and has committed further to hiring 20,000 American workers over the next four years.
Charter has also committed to completely end its offshore call centers -- that is such a big deal -- and to base 100 percent of its call centers here in the United States -- all American jobs. This is great for their workers, it’s great for the customers, and it's certainly great for the United States. And you watch, it will be one of your really fantastic decisions.
Tom will be opening a brand new beautiful call center in McAllen, Texas -- you know McAllen, right, good place?
GOVERNOR Abbott: Great place.
THE PRESIDENT: I knew you would say that -- (laughter) -- where they will create 600 new American jobs. Charter’s announcement follows a number of American businesses -- from Exxon to Intel to Lockheed to Boeing to many others -- that have recently announced billions of dollars in investment and thousands of jobs coming into the United States following my election victory. And by the way, thank you for your support. The Governor was a great supporter -- a great supporter. I want to thank you for -- you’ve done a fantastic job.
We're embracing a new economic model -- the American Model. We’re going to massively eliminate job-killing regulations -- that has started already, big league -- reduce government burdens, and lower taxes that are crushing American businesses and American workers all over this country. And we are really in the process of announcements and you’re going to see thousands and thousands and thousands of jobs, of companies, and everything coming back into our country. And they’re coming in far faster than even I had projected.
So we're honored. I'd like to have Tom Rutledge say a few words about what he’s doing and about his great company. And after that, you guys can go back to healthcare. (Laughter.)
MR. RUTLEDGE: Thank you, Mr. President. You know, it’s a great pleasure to announce these jobs. And Charter has been insourcing jobs for the last five years, and as a result of that, our company has performed tremendously. Using high-skilled, high-quality workers actually saves money. It saves money. As you know as a builder, if you do the job right the first time, it’s a lot less expensive than redoing it. And we found that in the service business, and we found that we can actually do better with high-quality, high-skilled American workers.
And so we’ve been doing that, and our company was so successful that we were able to recently do a huge transaction with Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks, and put together this tremendous company. And as part of that, we’re going to insource all the calls that Time Warner Cable outsourced -- 50 percent of their calls were leaving the country. So we’re going to bring all that back, and create 20,000 new jobs. And we’re very excited about that.
And we’re also excited about the opportunity, in the right regulatory climate and right tax climate, to make major infrastructure investments. And we’re going to spend $25 billion. We’re committed to spending that predicated on the kind of regulatory consistency and efficiency that we expect as a country. And so we’re looking forward to the opportunity to create these jobs and to build this infrastructure.
And Kip Mayo, who manages our call centers, would like to tell you what we’re going to do in the McAllen specifically.
MS. MAYO: So with the opening of the McAllen center, it gives us the capacity to be able to create over 600 good-paying jobs. That allows us to insource work that is currently performed through third parties.
The McAllen center will be our first fully bilingual call center. It will allow customers who prefer to communicate with us in Spanish to do so, and we will provide them with service and technical support. We have already hired a general manager -- very qualified woman who is bilingual, and is also, coincidentally, a native McAllen. We expect to open the call center next month, and we’ve hired over 100 employees already, and they will be trained and they will be ready to assist our customers in just a few short weeks.
So this is a very big step for us in our strategy and our plans over the course of the next few years to create jobs and to bring work in from overseas and back to the United States.
MR. RUTLEDGE: And they’re good jobs, too. And they’re high-paid jobs. They have pensions. They have healthcare. They’re the kind of jobs people want -- they’re good, solid middle-class jobs, and we’re proud to make them available.
THE PRESIDENT: That’s great. Thank you very much, Tom. Fantastic job with the company. Unbelievable job.
I’d like to just close it out by asking my friend, Governor Greg Abbott to say a few words, and he’ll talk about the company. But he’s very proud of what they’ve been doing in Texas. So am I.
So, Greg.
GOVERNOR ABBOTT: Sure. Well, first, I’m proud of you. We have a President who’s living up to his campaign promise, and that is to create more jobs, but also to create more jobs by returning jobs from overseas back to the United States.
I want to thank Charter Communications for the great job you’re doing, but also for expanding, in the great state of Texas. We’re happy that this first tranche of your expansion is in the Rio Grande Valley, in McAllen, Texas. You talked about the tax environment, the regulatory environment. Texas is number one in the nation for job creation because of the pro-business climate that we have because we have the right workforce to take care of the needs of companies like Charter Communications.
So this is a win-win. It’s a win for the President. It’s a win for Charter. It’s a win for the great state of Texas. The country is better today because of the jobs that will be created tomorrow in McAllen, Texas.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Thank you. Thanks, Greg.
GOVERNOR ABBOTT: Thank you, President.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Congratulations. Congratulations. Thank you.
END
11:12 A.M. EDT3:10 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I’m deeply honored to welcome the members of the Congressional Black Caucus to the White House. We’re going to have a lot of meetings over the years, and I very much appreciate you being here.
Throughout my campaign, I pledged to focus on improving conditions for African American citizens. This means more to me than anybody would understand or know. Every American child has a right to grow up in a safe community, to attend great schools, to graduate with access to high-paying jobs.
America has spent trillions and trillions of dollars overseas. I guess -- I heard just recently in the Middle East we’ve spent as of about two months ago $6 trillion -- $6 trillion, and you know where we are over there -- while neglecting the fate of American children in cities like Baltimore and Chicago and Detroit.
African American citizens have given so much to this country. They’ve fought in every war since the Revolution, and they’ve fought hard. They’ve lifted up the conscience of our nation in the march toward civil rights, enriched the soul of America -- and their faith and courage. And they’ve advanced our country in the fields of science, arts and medicine.
Elijah Cummings, who was here about two weeks ago, who I happen to think is a terrific man -- I don’t know if he’ll say that about me, but I will tell you, I really liked him a lot. And we were talking about drugs and prescription drugs and the costs. And you go to Europe, you go to Canada, you go to other countries and you buy them for a fraction of what you pay in this country. And that’s been a very big subject for him, and it’s a subject for me that is very important. And we’re going to either do it in healthcare -- which I think we’re going to do it in healthcare -- or we’re going to do it separately.
But we’re going to bid on drug prices, and we’re going to try and have the lowest prices anywhere in the world, from really the highest. And that’s not only the drugs, it’s prescription drugs. But you go out to stores and you go even -- in any community, rich or poor community, and you look at the kind of drug prices that we’re paying and it’s really unfair what’s happened in our country.
So we’re going to be instituting a very, very strong bidding process. We’ll probably need some legislation, but we’re going to do it regardless. We have to do it. And we’re going to get drug prices way down, way down. Some people think it’s as important as the healthcare measure, because people are being ripped off when they need their -- they need drugs, they need prescription drugs. And we’re going to take care of that situation.
So again, I very much appreciate you being here. It’s a tremendous honor for me. And we’re going to work on different things, and we’re going to see if we can get a lot accomplished.
And with that, let’s get going. And thank you all very much.
END
3:13 P.M. EDT11:24 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much for being here. It’s a great honor, very great honor. I want to thank Vice President Pence, Secretary Tom Price, and Administrator Seema Verma -- who’s done an incredible job, by the way -- for all of the time and energy they’ve put into repairing and replacing Obamacare ahead of tomorrow’s crucial vote. Big vote tomorrow in the House.
I want to especially thank Seema, the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services --a wonderful job she’s doing, and definitely a complex job, but you have it under control, right -- for hosting this very important meeting to discuss the vital role women play in healthcare and the hardships inflicted on them by the Obamacare catastrophe. It’s been bad.
Administrator Seema Verma is playing the leading role for us in helping us to repeal and replace Obamacare. The doctors, nurses and healthcare professionals here today represent the millions of women -- millions and millions -- who play a vital and indispensable role in Americans’ healthcare. Unfortunately, Obamacare is making their lives so much more difficult, as we all know, and putting enormous barriers in the way of helping patients who we are going to help. We’re going to get this thing done. We’re going to get it figured out. It’s a tough situation our country has been put in. It’s not easy.
Women doctors and healthcare leaders have changed the face of healthcare in America, saving and improving countless American lives. In 1965, only 9 percent of accepted medical school applicants were women -- 9 percent. Last year, nearly 50 percent of newly accepted applicants were women. Congratulations. Good job. It’s a good job. Thirty-eight percent of physicians and surgeons are women, and that number will continue to grow. That’s a big victory for our society, big victory for America.
I want to also thank all of the women nurses and healthcare aides for their incredible service and dedication to our country. What you do is remarkable. Unfortunately, Obamacare is making it much harder for all of the doctors, nurses and healthcare professionals, men and women alike, to do their job. As insurers flee Obamacare’s broken marketplace -- and it is broken, it’s broken badly; the insurance companies are fleeing -- millions of patients can no longer access the healthcare professionals the know and trust. In other words, “keep your doctor, keep your plan” didn’t work out that way. You don’t get your doctor, you don’t get your plan.
So that is one of the more vital reasons why we must repeal Obamacare. It’s one of the reasons why we’re here today.
So with that, I want to turn it over to Administrator Verma, and we’ll start a meeting.
ADMINISTRATOR VERMA: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. You could probably do -- stay for this little while, and then we’ll clear out the room and talk, okay? Go ahead.
ADMINISTRATOR VERMA: Well, thank you, Mr. President. Appreciate it. This gentleman has been very supportive as I started my position at CMS, and I am very appreciative to be a part of this great healthcare team.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you.
ADMINISTRATOR VERMA: And thanks to all the women that came today. It’s great to see so many strong, professional women that are on the front lines of healthcare. So thanks again for coming today.
Obamacare has just been a broken promise. Instead of meaningful healthcare, we have higher costs, less choices, and more mandates. Right now, we have the government that’s making decisions about our healthcare, not patients and not doctors. As a mother and as a woman, the most important thing about my healthcare is being able to pick out the doctor that I feel comfortable with, but unfortunately, with Obamacare, we have less choices.
One-third of counties and five states only have one choice of health plan. And so that tells us we are not getting the choices that Americans deserve. And the problem is getting worse. We have even more insurers that are saying that they’re going to leave the marketplace.
And I think the other thing that concerns me is hearing from providers. Many providers are faced with dealing with regulations and mandates instead of focusing on high-quality care and spending time with their patients. They are forced to deal with regulations.
And I came to D.C. because I was so concerned about the direction our healthcare was going in because of Obamacare. I want to be a part of the solution. I’m very excited about the American Health Care Act. There’s a vote on that tomorrow. I think this is an opportunity for us to finally get rid of Obamacare and move towards a system that’s going to drive costs down, give Americans more choices, and put patients and doctors in control of their healthcare.
So once again, thank you for coming today. And I look forward to hearing all the stories.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much.
END
11:30 A.M. EDTOval Office
11:07 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. For almost six decades, NASA’s work has inspired millions and millions of Americans to imagine distant worlds and a better future right here on Earth. I'm delighted to sign this bill -- it's been a long time since a bill like this has been signed -- reaffirming our national commitment to the core mission of NASA: human space exploration, space science and technology.
With this legislation, we support NASA’s scientists, engineers, astronauts and their pursuit of discovery. We support jobs -- it's about jobs also. This bill calls for ongoing medical monitoring and treatment of our heroic astronauts for health conditions that result from their service. It's a pretty tough -- I don't know, Ted, would you like to do it? I don't think I would. (Laughter.) I'm not sure we want to do it.
SENATOR CRUZ: You could send Congress to space. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: What a great idea. That could be -- (laughter.)
This bill will make sure that NASA’s most important and effective programs are sustained. It orders NASA to continue -- and it does, it orders just that -- to continue transitioning activities to the commercial sector where we have seen great progress. It's amazing what’s going on -- so many people and so many companies are so into exactly what NASA stands for. So the commercial and the private sector will get to use these facilities. And I hope they’re going to be paying us a lot of money. But they’re going to make great progress.
It continues support for the commercial crew program, which will carry American astronauts into space from American soil once again -- been a long time. It supports NASA’s deep space exploration, including the Space Launch System and the ORION spacecraft. It advances space science by maintaining a balanced set of mission and activities to explore our solar system and the entire universe. And it ensures that through NASA’s astronauts and aeronautics research, the United States will remain a total leader in aviation.
Now, the astronauts are amazing. I've met some of them -- they are very brave people and their right at the forefront. So we salute them with this legislation. And we salute the ones that have lost their lives doing what they love to do.
America’s space program has been a blessing to our people and to the entire world. Almost half a century ago, our brave astronauts first planted the American flag on the moon. That was a big moment in our history. Now this is nation is ready to be the first in space once again. Today we're taking the initial steps toward a bold and brave new future for American space flight.
I am honored to sign this new bill -- the folks behind me have been so involved in it. They love NASA. They love everything it stands for, and they love the people in their areas. You have a couple of areas that are going to be very much benefitted by this.
So I just want to thank all of the people standing behind me. They’ve done a great service for the country and for their community. A lot of jobs -- and these are great jobs. So thank you very much. And we'll sign this.
(The bill is signed.)
So we'll hold that up. A lot of pages. Look at the pages in there. That’s a lot of -- (laughter.) We don’t want to let that slip. (Applause.)
Who else should get these, Mr. Vice President?
ACTING NASA ADMINISTRATOR LIGHTFOOT: Mr. President, on behalf of NASA, I would like to present you with this astronaut flight jacket. Thank you very much for your support. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Does anybody have anything to say? Ted, do you want to say something?
SENATOR CRUZ: Well, this is terrific. The first time in seven years we’ve had a NASA authorization bill. Thank you, Mr. President, for signing it. This means a great deal to the nation’s space exploration, it means a great deal to the state of Texas, and it continues America’s leadership in space. So thank you for your leadership.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Ted.
Marco?
SENATOR RUBIO: I just think I’m happy to see that Florida is going to continue to more than Texas is with NASA, Mr. President. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: Going to be a good competition.
Mr. Vice President.
Okay, Senator. Well, he’s a Democrat. I wasn’t going to let him speak. (Laughter.) You guys love me.
SENATOR NELSON: It puts us on the dual track. We have the commercial companies going to and from the International Space Station, and we have NASA going out and exploring the heavens. And we’re going to Mars.
THE PRESIDENT: I love that. I love that.
REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. President, if I may. Just as Americans remember that President Eisenhower was the father of the Interstate Highway System, with you bill signing today and you vision and leadership, future generations will remember that President Donald Trump was the father of the interplanetary highway system.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, that sounds exciting. (Laughter and applause.) First, we want to fix our highways. We’re going to fix our highways.
REPRESENTATIVE SMITH: Mr. President, as House Subcommittee chair, I’d like to -- and actually part of the author of the new crew act for our astronauts, that started in a meeting with astronaut Scott Kelly after he got back from nearly a year in space. And I said, what can we do for you in the House of Representatives? He said, take care of us. Make sure we’re hanging on to this data so that future astronauts will be treated right and they’ll know what to do, and make the proper adjustments for folks when they’re up there in the ISS and on beyond. So I want to thank everybody here. I thank these astronauts who have put their lives on the line.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much.
THE VICE PRESIDENT: I want to, on behalf of the President and all of us, I want to thank all these members of Congress, these courageous astronauts for their work on this, but to assure you that, in very short order, the President will be taking action to relaunch the National Space Council. He’s asked me to chair that, as Vice Presidents have in the past. And we’re going to be bringing together the best and brightest in NASA and also in the private sector.
We have elected a builder for President. And as he said, America once again has to start building and leading to the stars. So thank you, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thank you, everybody.
END
11:14 A.M. EDT3:28 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Mr. Prime Minister, it’s an honor to have you here before our Cabinet, which I hope in years to come will be thought of one the great Cabinets in the history of the United States. We just spent a few minutes speaking in the Oval Office and learning and giving each other ideas. One of the things I did ask is why did President Obama sign that agreement with Iran, because nobody has been able to figure that one out. But maybe someday we’ll be able to figure it out.
I want to thank you very much for being here, great respect for you. I know you're working very hard, and General Mattis and General McMaster and Rex Tillerson have all been telling me that you're doing a job -- it’s not an easy job, it’s a very tough job. Your soldiers are fighting hard. I know Mosul is moving along, but Mosul was ours until we left. So perhaps we shouldn’t have gone in, and certainly we shouldn’t have left. We should never ever have left, and the vacuum was created, and we discussed what happened.
But we’ll spend a lot of time with you, with your group. And thank you all very much for being here. We appreciate it. And we will figure something out. Our main thrust is we have to get rid of ISIS. We're going to get rid of ISIS. It will happen. It’s happening right now. General Mattis and his team have done an incredible job. A lot of things are different than they were even five or six weeks ago. We've been here a short while and people have said they’d never seen such a difference.
So we are with you. And again, thank you very much for being with us.
PRIME MINISTER AL-ABADI: Excuse me a second.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Yes, please.
PRIME MINISTER AL-ABADI: (Speaks Arabic.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much, Mr. Prime Minister. We very much appreciate your words, and we will start discussing certain things right now.
Thank you very much, everybody.
END
3:33 P.M. EDTYour browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript:
My fellow Americans,
This week, I traveled to Nashville, Tennessee to lay a wreath at the grave of Andrew Jackson, on the 250th anniversary of his birth. Jackson was an American hero. First, as the brilliant general whose crushing defeat of the British at New Orleans saved our independence in the War of 1812. And later, as the seventh President of the United States—when he fought to defend the forgotten men and women from the arrogant elite of his day. Does it sound familiar?
The memory of his leadership lives on in our people, and his spirit points us to a better future.
This week, I also traveled to the Willow Run plant in Michigan. At that facility during the Second World War, the Ford Motor Company built not cars, but entire airplanes. At one point, workers there produced a complete B-24 Liberator every single hour – hard to believe.
Today on that site is a new facility, where the cutting edge cars of the future will be tested. And this week, the old plant was filled once again with thousands of workers and engineers. I was there to share the good news for the American auto industry.
We announced we’ll be reversing an 11th hour executive action from the previous Administration that was threatening thousands of auto jobs in Michigan and across America. And I mean threatening – it was very, very sad to see.
In fact, we are setting up a task force in every federal agency to identify any unnecessary regulation that is hurting American businesses and American jobs.
The first two job reports of my administration show that we’ve already added nearly half a million new jobs.
The days of economic surrender for the United States are over. For too long, special interests have made money shipping jobs overseas. We need a new economic model – let’s call it the American Model. Under this model, we will lower the burden on American Business but, in exchange, they must hire and grow America and American jobs. This will be a win-win for our companies and for our workers.
Let’s buy American and hire American. Let’s create jobs in America. Let’s imagine new industries. And let’s build a beautiful future together.
Among the workers building B-24 bombers at the Willow Run plant during World War II was one tough lady. You might have heard of her: they called her Rosie the Riveter. And when Rosie’s country called her, she answered the call.
Rosie was famous for her toughness and her strength—and for the words that were emblazoned above her famous image. It said very simply: “We can do it.”
If Americans unite, and find again within our nation the soul of Rosie and the spirit of Jackson—I have no doubt that we can do it, and do it like never before.
Thank you. Enjoy your week.12:58 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Chancellor, thank you very much. Such a great honor to get to know you, to be with you. I want to thank all of the business leaders who have joined us to discuss a subject that’s very important to me -- training our workforce for the 21st century, especially with respect to manufacturing jobs.
We’re working every day to bring back jobs to our country, and thousands and thousands are already coming back. You’re seeing it, you’re reading about it in the papers every single day. We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are being filled by American workers.
Germany and the United States have incredible opportunity to deepen our partnership as we continue to develop a strong workforce in both of our countries. Both Germany and the United States are pioneering job-training programs. Here in the United States, companies have created revolutionary high-tech and online courses. And, of course, for decades, Germany has been a model for highly successful apprenticeship -- that’s a name I like, "apprentice" -- apprenticeship programs. As a result, Germany’s youth unemployment rate is much lower than many of the other countries, especially the EU countries.
I welcome collaboration between our two countries and our industry leaders. We have some of our great industry leaders here, as you know, Chancellor. Great people. We must embrace new and effective job-training approaches, including online courses, high school curriculums, and private-sector investment that prepare people for trade, manufacturing, technology, and other really well-paying jobs and careers. These kinds of options can be a positive alternative to a four-year degree. So many people go to college, four years, they don’t like it, they’re not necessarily good at it, but they’re good at other things, like fixing engines and building things. I see it all the time, and I’ve seen it -- when I went to school, I saw it. I sat next to people that weren’t necessarily good students but they could take an engine apart blindfolded.
Companies across the country have a chance to develop vocational training programs that will meet their growing needs and to help us achieve greater prosperity. The German apprenticeship model is one of the proven programs to developing a highly skilled workforce. Germany has been amazing at this, and I’m glad that the leaders of so many companies represented today have recently launched successful programs right here in the United States. And we need that because we’re training people as the jobs are pouring back in -- and they are coming back in big league.
I believe that both countries will be stronger if we continue to deepen our bilateral cooperation on vocational training as we build off the best ideas, create the greatest opportunity for growth, and improve the lives of so many workers.
I want to thank everybody in the room. I want to thank my daughter Ivanka, who’s with us today. And mostly -- and most of all, I want to thank -- Chancellor, I want to thank you very much. It’s a great honor to have you in the White House. It’s a great honor to have you in the United States. And I look forward to spending time with you.
Thank you.
CHANCELLOR MERKEL: (Speaks German.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Maybe before the press leaves I’d like to ask some of the folks around -- the great leaders of industry and business to introduce themselves, say a couple of words. And then we’ll get onto a little bit more private meeting, okay?
Ginni.
MS. ROMETTY: Okay. I’m Ginni Rometty with IBM. And we’re going to talk about two programs. One is a certification program, which, Mr. President, today, we’re going to announce 2,000 veterans that we’re certifying in cybersecurity to be employed.
And then the second is something called P-TECH, a public-private partnership. Think of it as a six-year high school, but the graduates come out with an associate degree and with a curriculum that business will hire. And we will have 100 schools by the end of the year. And you’ll meet one of our recent graduates. In a second, Janiel Richards will introduce herself and tell you about herself -- trained at the intersection of business and technology.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Great job.
PARTICIPANT: We’ve found that a lot of the private-sector companies have done a great job trying to train the workforce for the jobs that they need, the jobs of the future. In a lot of cases in America, we’re finding that we don’t have enough qualified applicants for the jobs that we have available, so in working with the private sector -- and Ginni has been a great leader of that -- the White House has been trying to get behind a lot of these programs that can help make sure we’re training the American people for the jobs that we’re hopefully going to be producing in the future.
SECRETARY ROSS: Our hope is that, today, we really come with a way forward, some specific programs where we can interact between the educational community, the business community, and the government. Because this is a monumental problem that needs a monumental solution.
MS. RICHARDS: Thank you for the introduction. Good afternoon, all. Thank you for the opportunity to share my story. It is both an honor and a pleasure to be here today.
As mentioned, my name is Janiel Richards. In am 19 years old, and I am from (inaudible). Enrolling in IBM’s P-TECH school was the best decision for me personally and professionally. I did not fully realize the weight of the opportunity I was given; however, looking back, it was a life chance.
P-TECH strengthened my confidence and provided me with mentors who helped me strive. I learned the importance of understanding computers, and gained new skills in both coding and programming. I graduated the program in four and a half years -- relatively early -- and I graduated with my high school diploma and associate’s degree in computer science, as well as internship experience at IBM.
I learned that technology is omnipresent and opens endless doors. I am now a digital commerce design developer at IBM, where I use my skills to create website pages and checkout pages for the marketplace. I’m also pursuing my bachelor’s degree at Early College. Without the support of P-TECH and IBM, I would not be where I am today. I believe that every student should be offered this chance.
Thank you all.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: That’s a great job. Thank you very much. Great job. Wow. Who wants to follow that? (Laughter.)
MR. KAESER: Mr. President, Chancellor, Vice President, my name is Joe Kaeser, and I work for Siemens. It's a company which has been in this great country for more than 160 years. We produce revenues and services worth $24 billion ever year, and 60 manufacturing sites in all 50 states in the country.
So thank you for what you’re doing. (Inaudible) in that aspect we brought the apprenticeship to the country, which has, in the meantime, also (inaudible) Department of Labor, so we roll it out everywhere in the community. And I feel very honored today to be part of an initiative that brings not only the apprenticeship and the training for the current manufacturing into play, but also the next generation of manufacturing going forward so we combine the present and the future for our great America and great manufacturing.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Great job. Great company too, by the way. Great company.
Marc.
MR. BENIOFF: Well, thank you very much, Mr. President, I am delighted to be here, and great to see you and the Vice President as well.
Salesforce, as you know, is the fastest-growing of the top five software companies in the world today, and we’re on a path to create 2 million jobs and add 200 GDP to the world economy through our platform. Our software, as you know, 90 percent is engineered here in the United States, and, as the Vice President knows, handmade in Indianapolis and in San Francisco, where I’m from.
And I’ll tell you, as we have kind of created these jobs all over the world, I see a great opportunity right here in the United States to create apprenticeships. And we’d love to encourage you to take a moonshot goal to create 5 million apprenticeships in the next five years.
And I think the key is, is that we see all these great programs and all these great companies doing workforce development. But if we all came together, if we all unified and created a great program with your leadership, I think we could create this 5 million extra jobs in the U.S.
And you know, our companies are some of the greatest universities in the world. We shape these employees, we train them, we educate them, we bring them in, and I think we can do this. I think this is really exciting.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, congratulations, and you’re going an incredible job. And nice to know you. And really, what you’ve done is just amazing. And let’s do that, let’s go for that 5 million. Okay? (Laughter.) Very good.
Ivanka, go ahead. Say something.
MS. TRUMP: Thank you. And welcome, Chancellor, and to the many U.S. and German CEOs who are here today to discuss vocational education and workforce development. I applaud my father’s commitment to creating millions of jobs, and specifically making sure that all Americans have the skills required and necessary to fill the jobs both of today and of the future.
As many of us realize, ingenuity, creativity often comes from the determination of the private sector, so it’s great to have such great private sector leaders here to share their thoughts and best practices with us today. And thank you for being here.
THE PRESIDENT: Klaus.
MR. ROSENFELD: Mr. President, Madam Chancellor, ladies and gentlemen, my name is Klaus Rosenfeld. I am the CEO of Schaeffler. Schaeffler is a global automotive and industrial supplier with more than $14 billion U.S. sales, around 87,000 people globally and 75 clients.
We manufacture bearings and other high-precision components and systems for a broad variety of applications and sectors. Our products are everywhere where things turn, be it in cars, machines, airplanes, trucks, or even in washing machines. The company is family-owned, so we place great value on a culture where we think long-term and focus on quality, technology, and innovation. For us, the employee has always been critical, and will always be critical.
We have started business in 1969 in South Carolina. Since then, the Schaeffler family has invested more than a billion in the Palmetto State. We have grown through acquisitions. We’re about to finish multimillion expansions in Ohio and South Carolina.
For us, the U.S. is critical. We have started our first program here in the ‘80s -- 1980 in Wooster, Ohio -- and since then we have spent a lot of money in vocational dual training. Thank you very much, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thank you, Klaus, very much.
MR. KRÜGER: Thank you, Mr. President and Mr. Vice President. From my side, thank you for inviting us. Yeah, it’s a great pleasure for us, for me. I would like to explain why, at BMW, we call the United States of America our second home.
I’m proud to be here because we were -- nearly 25 years ago we were founding our biggest plant in the BMW Group network in South Carolina. We created 9,000 jobs, and we know that in the area around South Carolina, I know we created an additional 4 to 5 to 6, 7 jobs -- the 9,000 people we employ at BMW in South Carolina.
We have invested heavily in the further education and training and vocational training. It was around about $200 million in the last five years, and I can commit that we will invest another $200 million into training in the next five years.
We are proud, as we are the biggest net exporter of vehicles in the United States. We have an annual net (inaudible) of $10 billion -- exported from South Carolina. Seventy percent of our production is being exported. And I’m proud to be here because we have one apprentice who’s with us from -- we have two main programs at Spartanburg, a BMW Scholar Program, which was founded in 2011 and has around about 100 people in the program, and they graduate and create -- get a great job at BMW. We are very proud on the skillset -- we need them for maintenance jobs.
And I would like to talk about as well employment of skilled veterans, which we are setting up with our dealers in the United States to have their highly qualified veterans working for BMW dealers in the future.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I’ve seen your plant in South Carolina. It is incredible. And congratulations, that’s really great. Thank you.
MR. KRÜGER: Thank you. May I invite you for the 25th anniversary in June? (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: I know I shouldn’t have said that. (Laughter.) You know what, if I can, I will do it.
MR.KRÜGER: Thank you very much.
THE PRESIDENT: I wish I could, but if I can I’ll do it. Absolutely.
MS. DAVIS: Mr. President, Madam Chancellor, ladies and gentlemen, my name is Marie Davis, and I work at Schaeffler’s Automotive and Industrial Plant in Cheraw, South Carolina. Cheraw is a small town with a population of 5,800, and is nicknamed “The Prettiest Town in Dixie.”
It is a great honor for me to be here today along with my peers -- apprentice Chad Robinson with Siemens Gas Turbine Plant of Charlotte, North Carolina, and Maria Puckett with BMW, from BMW plant Spartanburg, South Carolina -- and to be able to share my experiences with you regarding the Schaeffler apprenticeship program. BMW and Siemens also have very similar programs.
I joined the Air Force after high school and served for four years. After returning home, I applied to and was accepted into the Schaeffler apprenticeship program. This is a very unique three-year program of classroom and hands-on experience, completed in conjunction with Northeastern Technical College, which provided me with special skills for my career. As part of the program, I also received an associate’s degree in machine tool technology and a Department of Labor certificate as a certified journeyman apprentice.
After completing my apprenticeship, I worked as a CNC operator, was then promoted to (inaudible) leader, and am now planned maintenance supervisor. I am very glad that such an apprenticeship program existed in Cheraw, which allowed me to start and build my career with Schaeffler. I hope that more companies will follow BMW, Siemens, and Schaeffler and offer apprenticeship programs to develop skills that will allow for more manufacturing in the United States.
It is an incredible privilege to be invited here today. Thank you so much for listening to me.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Great job. Thank you. Very nice.
I know this one. (Laughter.)
MR. LIVERIS: Mr. President and Madame Chancellor, what an honor it is for me to be here. I’m Andrew Liveris from Dow Chemical. I feel like Germany is our home, to match my BMW colleague’s point about the U.S. being home. We have been in Germany, and in fact the Chancellor’s backyard of former Eastern Germany for a long time. And the Chancellor graced us with a visit to our apprenticeship program there which -- Mr. President, the two things I want to talk about today is in fact apprenticeship, and -- there’s a book here that I can show which has DOW and Siemens’ name on it. And just to let you know that we are working already together as two collaborators across the Atlantic to actually scale up programs like the one that was mentioned by the young lady to my right.
So I want to talk about that and how we can scale it up through this great leadership that you’re showing. And I also want to talk about veterans and displaced workers, especially in places like Michigan, where we are based. We have community college work called Fast Start, which is taking displaced workers and reskilling them. When new tech meets industrial tech, as Madame Chancellor says, opportunity is there. But we’ve got to create it by scaling right. So I want to also talk about that.
And my last comment is, a big thank you for lending us or giving us Ivanka and Jared. They’ve been a tremendous duo in making this program real in very short weeks. Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Mr. Vice President.
VICE PRESIDENT PENCE: Thank you, Mr. President. Let me just express my appreciation, along with the President, for the participants in this important conversation. All the businesses that are gathered here from across the United States and across Germany are an inspiration, and the innovation that you’re bringing to career and technical and vocational education and to apprenticeship.
I’m especially impressed, Mr. President, with Janiel, and I don’t know that I’ve seen a more inspiring debut at the Cabinet table than anyone. (Laughter.)
Let me also express my appreciation to the Chancellor for suggesting that we bring together, across the Atlantic, business leaders who have really been breaking new ground in this area, for which Germany is so celebrated. We’re grateful for your leadership and look forward to sharing ideas about how we can strengthen the workforce in both of our countries.
And lastly, let me just thank the President. As a former governor from a great manufacturing state, I can tell you that one of our very first conversations was about the innovation that Indiana was bringing to career and technical and vocational education. I can assure you that the passion that you see at this table today by the President is authentic, and at his direction, we’re going to work as an administration to strengthen the opportunities from secondary education on forward to open the doors for more vocational education, more technical education, and more apprenticeships across the United States to the betterment of the people of this country. And we look forward to working with our international partners to drive greater opportunities for Americans.
So thank you, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, Mike. Appreciate it. Okay, thank you folks.
END
1:18 P.M. EDT10:31 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: A special group of people. Very special to me, very important. And I want to thank you all for being here and for your work on behalf of our nation’s veterans, our great, great people, our veterans.
We’re all united by a very common mission: We will protect those who protect us. I’ve been saying that a lot over the last two years at rallies and speeches. We will protect those who protect us, and that’s just starting, because I think the veterans have not been treated fairly. And David and a group of brilliant, brilliant doctors and businessmen are forming a board, and you’ve got the most talented people that I’ve ever seen working with you. This is -- no more games going to be played at the VA.
And I want to thank David, your Secretary -- your new Secretary, who’s going to be so outstanding. I think he actually passed 100 to nothing. When I heard that vote I said, where did that come from? A hundred to nothing, right? Passed 100 to nothing -- for bringing your vision, experience and determination to the crucial task of reforming the VA and ensuring care for our returning heroes and warriors.
And tonight I’m having a major meeting with some of the people that we put on a board. Ike Perlmutter is an amazing man -- Marvel -- is one of the great, great businessmen of our time, and others -- we’re having a meeting tonight at what we call affectionately the Southern White House. Seems to be the most convenient location. Everybody always wants to go to the Southern White House. So are you going to be at that meeting? You heard about it, right? It’s going to be great -- all about the VA.
The VA’s mission statement is engraved in the plaques outside its headquarters. It reads: “To care for him who shall have borne the battle, and for his widow and his orphan.” And that was stated by Abraham Lincoln. That was Lincoln’s pledge -- called Lincoln’s pledge. But for too many veterans, this hasn’t been their experience at all. We’ve been reading horrible stories over the years, and already, David, I’m hearing it’s getting much better. A lot of improvements are being made and it’s going to change. And under my administration, it will change -- very important to me.
During my campaign, I outlined a detailed plan to reforming veterans’ care throughout the country, and we’re working to put that plan into effect. And it’s moving, I think I can, honestly, ahead of schedule.
As Commander-in-Chief, I will not accept substandard service for our great veterans. Every member of our government is expected to do their utmost to ensure our veterans have the care that they’re so entitled to -- maybe more entitled to than anybody. And that hasn’t been the way they were treated. But it is the way they’re going to be treated.
So again, I want to thank you all for being here. It’s a great honor. And maybe I’ll ask David just to say a few words.
SECRETARY SHULKIN: Sure. Thank you, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you.
SECRETARY SHULKIN: Mr. Vice President. I wanted to let you know the people in this room are some of the most dedicated, passionate people advocating for our veterans. And they are our partners in this quest to transform VA. And we really are so grateful that they’re here with us standing as partners.
I also want to thank you, Mr. President, for the budget. I think that you’ve honored your commitment to showing that this country cares about the veterans, and you’ve given us the ability to make sure that we are able to care for them. I also wanted to tell you that yesterday the House passed an accountability bill, and we’re very, very grateful for Chairman Roe’s leadership and for the House’s leadership in doing that. We’re looking forward to the Senate bringing a bill forward.
And so, I think, as you said, we’re committed to the plan that you outlined during your campaign to making the VA the type of organization that Americans want it to be, and we’re well on our way to do that. So thank you very much.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, that’s great. And unrelated, we just had a meeting with probably 12 congressmen, and it was an amazing meeting because they were all “nos,” would you say, Mike? They were all “nos” or pretty much “no,” and after 15 minutes -- now, in all fairness, not 15 minutes, it was really actually about four or five days, but after 15 minutes, they went from “no” to all “yeses.” So the healthcare looks like it’s going to be in great shape. It’s a great plan. The press doesn’t give it a fair read but I’ve heard that before. What are you going to do -- the fake news.
But it’s a great plan or I wouldn’t be involved with it. I wouldn’t be involved. So you have 12 “nos,” and we have rejiggered it and we’ve done some great things, but the “nos” in every single case went to a “yes.” So that was a great honor, and healthcare looks like it’s really happening, and it’s going to great.
Obamacare is dead. Some of you folks have yourself -- you have family members that have suffered greatly under Obamacare. It’s dying. It’s just about on its last legs. If we did nothing, if we did absolutely nothing, Obamacare is dead. It will fail. In Tennessee, where I just left, half of the state has no insurance and --no carrier. It’s gone. And they’re going to leave the other half of the state very soon. You have that in many cases. Many states are down to one and they’ll end up with nothing.
So Obamacare is dead. We’re going to come up with a replacement that’s going to be fantastic. We have no support from the Democrats. That’s why it’s a little -- we have to go interesting little routes. Instead of just approving it, it has to be approved in pieces, and that’s working out really well. But we just got 12 very, very great people that went from “no” or “maybe” -- but “maybe” leaning to “no” -- right, Mike? And they all have given me a commitment that they’re voting for our healthcare plan. So that was great.
I want to thank you all for being here, and let’s talk. And the press will leave. Thank you very much.
END
10:38 P.M. EDT10:12 A.M. EDT
MR. SCALISE: We appreciate President Trump having us into the Oval Office to talk about healthcare and the improvements that are being made. The President has worked and said, bring us your best ideas. And there are members of the Republican Study Committee who have brought those good ideas and worked in a very diligent way to ultimately get to a "yes" on this bill with changes that the President has asked us to make that we're going to make in the bill.
And with that, I want to lead it off to the Chairman of the Republican Study Committee, Mark Walker.
MR. WALKER: Thank you. We're excited about today because it's historic knowing that we're getting a couple of very important things to the steering committee members -- work requirements through the country, and also something what we call "block grants," which allows the states to be empowered. We believe they should be able to hold the reins when it comes to managing their population. We also think this would provide more coverage for the indigent, for those sick, and for those disabled.
So we're excited about it today, and that's why we've come today to celebrate the American Health Care Act and moving forward with a "yes."
THE PRESIDENT: I just want to say that these are folks that were either a "no" or a "maybe." And we had a nice meeting, and we've been talking all during the night. This didn’t just happen over the last 20 minutes. This has been going all night long.
And we are doing some incredible things. I want everyone to know I'm 100 percent behind this. I want everybody to know that the press has not been speaking properly about how great this is going to be. They have not been giving it a fair chance. The press is -- as you know, I call it the "fake news." This is going to be great for people. I watch -- I say, that's not the bill we're passing. And I also want everybody to know that all of these "nos," or potential "nos," are all "yeses." Every single person sitting in this room is now a "yes."
And we made certain changes, and, frankly, little -- although the block grant is very important, because I want the states to get the money and to run their program, if they want to run it, because they can do it better than the federal government. They're better-equipped than the federal government.
They also want people to know that Obamacare is dead; it's a dead healthcare plan. It's not even a healthcare plan, frankly. And I watched the architect of the plan -- yesterday I watched the old clip where he said the American people are stupid to have voted for it. I watched Bill Clinton saying, this is the craziest thing I've ever seen. And only because everyone knows it's on its last dying feat, the fake news is trying to say good things about it -- the fake media. And there is no good news about Obamacare. Obamacare is dead. And unless we gave it massive subsidies in a year from now or six months from now, it's not even going to be here. So when they say, "Oh, more people on the plan," there's not going to be any people on the plan.
I was in Tennessee -- I was just telling the folks -- and half of the state has no insurance company, and the other half is going to lose the insurance company. The people don’t know what to do. It's a disaster. Obamacare is dead. Nothing to do with these people. Nothing to do with me. It's on respirator and it's just about ready to implode.
Now, we could wait for six months or a year and let it happen. It's not the right thing to do for the people. This is a great plan. This is going to be fantastic. You're going to have bidding at the one level by insurance companies. And remember this -- remember this: Those lines are going to come out, you're going to have bidding by insurance companies like you've never seen before. Plans are going to come out like nobody has ever seen before. Plans that nobody has even thought of now are going to be devised by insurance companies to take care of people.
And we're going to take care of people at all levels. So I just want to let the world know: I am 100 percent in favor. These folks -- and they are tough, and they love their constituents, and they love this country -- these folks were "Nos" -- mostly "Nos" -- yesterday. And now every single one is a "yes." And I just want to thank you. We're going to have a healthcare plan that's going to be second to none. It's going to be great. And the people will see that.
And, by the way, it will take a little while -- because before it all kicks in and welds together, it takes a little while. With Obamacare it got worse and worse. Premiums went up 116 percent. They went up 58 percent. The Governor of Minnesota said that Affordable Care Act -- Obamacare -- no longer affordable. That's what he said. The Affordable Care Act is no longer affordable. And he's the guy that -- he's a good Democrat, he wanted Obamacare. He said it's no longer affordable. Obamacare is not an alternative. It's not there. It's dead. It's dead.
So I just want to say thank you very much. I really appreciate it. One hundred percent of the "Nos" are "Yeses." And some of them were strong "Nos." Some were just "Nos." And we have a couple that were mixed. But I just want to thank you folks. And we're going to have a great, great, healthcare plan. Thank you very much.
END
10:18 A.M. EDT6:03 P.M. EDT
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Well, good evening to you all. Fellow Americans, Irish friends, distinguished guests. I'm Mike Pence and I'm the 48th Vice President of the United States of America. (Applause.) It's my honor, along with my wife, Karen Pence, to welcome you on behalf of the First Family to the White House on this very special occasion.
It is such an honor for the two of us to be able to welcome you here and welcome a special guest to the White House, and of course, our host to this podium for this 55-year-old tradition. Since Irish Ambassador John Joseph Hearne left a box of Ireland’s most famous symbol at the White House in 1952, the shamrock exchange has grown to become a festive sign of enduring friendship during this memorable week, and an eternal bond between the American people and the people of Ireland.
Now, the Irish are one of the strongest and most beautiful threads in our national fabric here in the United States. For centuries, the sons and daughters of Ireland have come here from across the Atlantic. More than 32 million Americans now trace their heritage back to the Emerald Isle. And I say with a grateful heart and deep humility, I'm one of them. (Applause.)
My grandfather, Richard Michael Cowley*, stepped off a boat onto Ellis Island in 1023. And that's how Michael Richard Pence got to serve in the White House. My grandfather, as the legend of our family says, was told by my great-grandmother that he needed to go to America. She said, there’s a future there for you. He wouldn't see his mother for 25 years, and he often spoke of their separation with a heavy heart.
My grandfather came here, like so many generations of Irish-Americans did, with a dream, but with character and with work ethic and a determination to build a family, a good name. And so he did.
My mother, who is 83 years young, bright red hair and blue eyes, is still with us today, and his memory and her influence continues to define my life,
The truth is my grandfather was very typical of the millions that would come to these shores. He embodied all that's best about the Irish -- sturdy work ethic, faith in God, love of family, patriotism. And those are the enduring contributions of people of Irish descent in the history of this country. It's extraordinary to think of the contributions that the Irish have made. In every single American conflict since our Revolutionary War, the Irish people have enriched America in incalculable ways, and they always will.
When I speak of those character qualities I know that they apply to the two people that we have the privilege of introducing tonight. First is our special guest -- it's my high honor to invite him to the podium, along with our host. So, ladies and gentlemen, please join me in welcoming the Taoiseach of the Republic of Ireland, Enda Kenny; his wife, Fionnuala; and my friend, the 45th President of the United States of America, Donald Trump. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. It's a great honor.
Taoiseach, Mrs. Kenny, Ambassador Anderson, Dr. Lowe, Vice President Pence, and distinguished guests, we gather here today in the White House to take part in the traditional Shamrock Ceremony and to celebrate the strong ties between the United States and a truly great country, Ireland.
I also want to extend a special welcome to a group of distinguished local political and society leaders -- and they are real leaders -- who are with us from Northern Ireland -- great people -- including the Mayor of Belfast and the Head of Northern Ireland Civil Service -- that's a lot of power there. (Laughter.) Lord Mayor Kingston and Sir Malcolm McKibbin -- and it's wonderful to have you. Where are you folks? Where are you? Where are you? (Applause.) Thank you. They’re going to be having a great open championship very soon -- you know that, right? (Laughter.) At a great course. At a great, great course.
St. Patrick’s Day has become a truly important occasion in the United States -- one embraced by Americans of all faiths and of all backgrounds. I've been to many of them and we love it. The Shamrock Ceremony is a tradition that symbolizes the bond between our two countries. It dates back to 1952 when the Irish Ambassador to the United States, John Joseph Hearne, sent a box of shamrocks to a President who did a very good job -- Harry S. Truman.
Our strong ties go back throughout American history. Irish-Americans played a vital role in preserving our Union during its hour of greatest need. So true, played a very, very big role. Many distinguished themselves in the American Civil War with their grit and their bravery and their courage, earning the nickname, the “Fighting Irish.” And I know a lot about the Irish -- they fight. They’re tough. (Laughter.) I know a lot. I know more than I'm ever going to tell you. (Laughter.)
And when American Armed Forces joined the fight in Europe during World War II, 75 years ago, our heroic troops first stepped off ships in Belfast Harbor in Northern Ireland.
Throughout the centuries, hardworking Irish-Americans contributed mightily to America’s innovation and to America’s prosperity. They often overcame great hardship -- really, I mean, it's like the hardship they overcame for us, for our people, is inspiring and really helped a relatively young nation beyond what anyone really understands or knows. So we want to thank you -- just an amazing, an amazing history.
President John F. Kennedy, in an address to the Irish Parliament, said that “It is that quality of the Irish -- that remarkable combination of hope, confidence, and imagination -- that is needed more than ever today.” Now, he said that a long time ago, but it's perhaps even more true today. The words of America’s first Irish-Catholic President ring just as true.
We hope confidence -- and I tell you what we want now is a lot of things, but we need that great Irish confidence -- and they are confident people, aren't they, Mike? (Applause.) And I tell you what, we all want it together to grow in the 21st century. And grow we will. As I say, bigger and better and stronger than ever before.
We must have the hope to believe in a better future, the confidence to pursue it, and the imagination to figure out how to get there. A new optimism is sweeping across our nation. You see that when you look at the numbers -- the optimism is at the highest level in many, many years. And as America gains renewed strength, Ireland will find us to be an ever-faithful partner and an always loyal friend. We will be there for you, and we will be there for you. (Applause.)
So thank you for being here. I wish you a very, very happy St. Patrick’s Day. And God bless you and may God bless Ireland, and Northern Ireland, and may God bless America. Thank you very much. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you very much.
TAOISEACH KENNY: Mr. President, Mr. Vice President, ladies and gentlemen. It's a great honor to be back again in the most famous house in the world to celebrate St. Patrick’s Day, the most special of days for Irish men and Irish women and those of Irish descent the world over.
Since I had the privilege of being elected as Taoiseach in 2011, I've had the pleasure of being here in the White House each March to mark the enduring connections between our country and the United States. Fionnuala and I would like sincerely to thank President Trump for so graciously continuing this great tradition of hospitality which means so much to Irish people everywhere.
I'm proud, sir, to have the opportunity to contribute to maintaining and developing relations between Ireland and the United States, particularly at the beginning of the new era in our country’s relationship following your election, Mr. President. Let me congratulate you and wish you and your administration the very best as you begin your term of office. (Applause.)
This job, the job you hold, is exceptionally demanding and exceptionally difficult. The United States remains the most influential, as well as the most powerful country in the world. You hold the hopes and the future of America, and indeed, the world in your hands.
But let me thank you for giving so much of your time today to this visit. We had an excellent meeting, a first-class meeting this morning in the Oval Office, not there very often, where we discussed a variety of important issues of mutual concern. And I want to assure you, sir, of our commitment to working closely with you and your administration as you face the many challenges up ahead.
The ties that bind our two countries are deep and historic. And Ireland and the United States have a unique relationship that goes back to the earliest days of the original 14 colonies. Irish foreign military officers assisted George Washington to win that war of independence. Indeed, they’ve fought in every war for America since then. And this very house was designed by James Hoban from Kilkenny, modeled in part after the Leinster House in Dublin, where the Irish parliament has met on our own independence since 1922.
It's fitting that we gather here each year to celebrate St. Patrick and his legacy. He, too, of course, was an immigrant. And though he is, of course, the patron saint of Ireland, for many people around the globe, he is also a symbol of, indeed, the patron of immigrants.
Here in America, your great country, 35 million people claim Irish heritage, and the Irish have contributed to the economic, social, political and cultural life of this great country over the last 200 years. Ireland came to America because, deprived of liberty, deprived of opportunity, of safety, of even food itself, the Irish believed, four decades before Lady Liberty lifted her lamp, we were the “wretched refuse on the teeming shore.” We believed in the shelter of America, and the compassion of America, and the opportunity of America. We came, and we became Americans.
We lived the words of John F. Kennedy long before we heard them: We asked not what America could do for us, but what we could do for America. And we still do. We want to give, and not to take. We know the Irish have built the bridges and the roads, protected the public as firefighters and police officers. We've cared for the sick in hospitals, entertained as poets, as singers and writers, as politicians, as judges and legislators. And as entrepreneurs, they provided hundreds of thousands of jobs for Americans, including most recently, in exciting technology companies.
Two-way trade in goods is approaching $100 billion a year at the moment. Irish firms employ 100,000 people across 50 states in the U.S. And we want to build on this for the future.
Mr. President, as a small island on the edge of Europe, a natural bridge between the United States and Europe, and as a committed member of the European Union and a close friend of the United States, we will work hard with you, Mr. President, and with your administration in pursuit of strong and open relations between the United States and the European Union, including the strong trade relationships for the mutual benefit of millions of people either side of the Atlantic.
I believe that the strong people-to-people links that Ireland and the United States have developed over the generations will help us in this endeavor. And I wish you and the American people every success and happiness in the future.
To Irish-Americans coast to coast, I say, these days especially, we hold you in our hearts. And tonight, I thank you again for your warm hospitality.
Mr. President, Mr. Vice President, may I wish you and your lovely families every good wish and blessing on this very special day. Indeed, I'm reminded in many ways of the dream of another American President -- which Ireland will work with you for -- when he spoke the words and said, “My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last, best hope of Earth.” Spoken by Abraham Lincoln.
Mr. President, Ireland will help you build on that foundation to achieve the ultimate dream. Thank you, sir. And God bless you. (Applause.)
END
6:23 P.M. EDTU.S. Capitol
Washington, D.C.
12:12 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, Speaker Ryan, for that wonderful toast -- although I’ve heard better jokes. (Laughter.) And thank you to all of our friends and distinguished members of Congress for joining us here today -- a great honor. And a really great honor to be with you, Vice President Pence. You have been terrific. (Applause.)
And all of our friends welcoming Taoiseach. That’s my new friend; he’s my new friend. Great guy. (Applause.) And, Fionnuala, you know, you are something very special. We sat, we talked, and I think we’re friends now too, right? And it’s really an honor. Thank you. Thank you. (Applause.) Thanks, Fionnuala. Appreciate it.
Also, the delegation members -- very, very special. Spent some time together, and we’re going to have a very, very great long-term relationship, as we would with Ireland anyway. But this is a very special group, so I very much appreciate it.
We’re here today to celebrate America’s commitment to Ireland and the tremendous contributions -- and I know it well -- the Irish immigrants and their descendants have made right here in the United States and throughout the world. The very first St. Patrick's Day parade -- I spent a lot of time at St. Patrick’s Day parades over the years, I will tell you that - was held in my hometown, New York City, on March 17th, 1762. With each subsequent year, the Irish people marched, passed another accomplishment, and celebrated another very hard-earned success. And they have had tremendous success all over the world, but in this country they have had tremendous success.
Over the years, they marched past the beautiful St. Patrick’s Cathedral, now an immortal monument to the faith of Irish Catholics in America. They celebrated their shared success in American society with the election of John F. Kennedy. (Applause.) They fought for America in war and combat. And their battlefield courage has earned admiration and acclaim throughout the world. They have great courage.
The proud tradition that started in 1762 has flourished and is now celebrated by Americans of all faiths and backgrounds all across our very beautiful and very special land. As we stand together with our Irish friends, I’m reminded of that proverb -- and this is a good one, this is one I like; I’ve heard it for many, many years and I love it -- “Always remember to forget the friends that proved untrue. But never forget to remember those that have stuck by you.” We know that, politically speaking. A lot of us know that, we know it well. (Applause.) It’s a great phrase.
The people of Ireland and the people of the United States have stuck together through good times and bad times. Over many centuries we have built a bond that thrives, inspires and endures. And with us, it’s going to be closer than ever before, I can tell you that. (Applause.)
So as we celebrate our shared history and our enduring friendship, let us commit ourselves to working together, as we will, to build on that bond for the benefit of our citizens for many more generations to come.
Thank you. God bless you. And may God always bless our deep and lasting friendship and relationship. We love Ireland and we love the people of Ireland. Thank you very much for being here. (Applause.)
SPEAKER RYAN: Thank you so much, Mr. President. It is now my pleasure to introduce An Taoiseach, our friend, Enda Kenny. (Applause.)
TAOISEACH KENNY: Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.) Thank you.
Mr. Speaker, Mr. President, Mr. Vice President, members of
Congress, ambassadors, friends of Ireland, distinguished guests.
(Speaks in Irish.)
I didn’t say anything disparaging about you there. (Laughter.) What I said was, it's a pleasure for me to be here, along with my wife, Fionnuala, to be amongst this august gathering. And on behalf of the government of Ireland and the people of Ireland, I wish you all a very happy St. Patrick's festival for you all.
They say the Irish have the capacity to change everything. I just saw the President of the United States read from his script, entirely. (Laughter and applause.) I was going to say "a change is coming." (Laughter.)
Paul, it's a pleasure. And thank you for your visit to Ireland when you called to see me in government buildings with your family and on your visit down to Kilkenny. When I had the privilege of speaking to the President on the telephone very shortly after his election, I said to him if it would be possible to continue this tradition, which began so many years ago, and he said, without hesitation, of course -- followed by the Vice President and U.S. Speaker.
This is a unique occasion for Ireland and for its people. To have the facility of being honored by the Speaker of the House, the access to the President of the United States, the Vice President, and most of the team is something that we really do cherish. It goes back a very long way from when Tip O'Neill and Ronald Reagan and all of the others put this together in the first place. So it's a really important day for us, and we're very grateful to stand between these two flags, united in history and so much.
I haven’t had the opportunity to present you with a particular piece of sculpture which is entitled "Arrival," by John Behan. It's a miniature -- but it's quite large -- of what stands at the United Nations in New York of the tale and the story and the history of Irish immigrants after the famine years.
So let me congratulate you, President Trump, on your election. You beat them all. (Laughter and applause.) Whatever they say, elections are tough-going. I know, I've been through 20 of them myself. (Laughter.) But the President and the Vice President and this administration now holds within its hands the responsibility of dealing with so many global international issues in a world that is changing so rapidly and that is so fragile in so many respects. And I know that you will do your utmost to work in the interests of our common humanity, and you will have the prayers and the support of the Irish people. And let me say to you, and the European Union -- and the work that you have to do in the times -- in the challenging times ahead.
We discussed the kind of driver that the President uses -- Titleist, 9-degree loft, Doonbeg, wind off the Atlantic. You have to roll the wrist at the top to get that shot straight. And during the course of this presidency, President Trump will visit Ireland, and he said he would put the sticks in the hold of Air Force One.
Anyway, let me just say a few words here about our country. We've come through a torrid time a number of years ago. When I took over the government back in 2011, we were blocked out of all the markets, the Troika were in town, our sovereignty was gone, our hope was gone; hemorrhage of immigration, and a falloff in all business right across every sector.
Now, because of the sacrifices of the people and tough choices made, we're in a different spot. Unemployment, which was 15.2, is now down to 6.6 percent and falling. Employment is the highest in 10 years. A growth rate of 5.2 percent last year. Fourth year running. Ireland is the fastest-growing country in Europe. Deficit eliminated next year. Two million-plus working now. I was accused in Cork three weeks ago of blocking up the Irish roads with people going to work. (Laughter and applause.) That's the challenge of success, I suppose.
It's fair to say, as you know, Mr. President, we've got 700 Irish firms, and 65 percent of the 700 firms working in America have a full-time presence in this market. And they now employ 100,000 people across 50 states. And that's because of our participation in the European Union and the confidence that our people have to expand now beyond their own shores. And this two-way conduit is to the mutual benefit of our people and of the United States. And let me say that Ireland and the European Union will never be anything but a friend to your country, to these United States here. (Applause.)
And I want you to understand that all administrations, over the last 40 years and beyond, have worked in the interests of the fragility of our country. We've had our troubles. We've had real difficulties. And George Mitchell spoke last night at the Ireland Funds about the contribution that both Europe, and particularly the United States, made towards putting that fragile peace together. We're glad to see Ian Paisley here and, indeed, Gerry Adams, who have had their difficulties. We have put it all together and have maintained a fragile peace. And that's why it's important that we recognize the contribution made by the United States to that peace, where we have no border and where people can live their lives as one would expect to contribute to their country and their economies. And all presidents and all administrations over the years have assisted us in that regard. (Applause.)
So we want to protect this peace process, and I know that you’re going to work with us in that context also. We have agreed with the British government that there would be no return to the border, as it used to apply years ago, with customs, posts on major roads, and every other road blown up or impassable because of sectarian violence that that brought with it. We have banished that. We want to see it remain banished. And the political agreement is no return to that kind of border of the past, and the challenge is to implement that in a way that works in the interests of the people North and South.
And let me say to you that as a member of the European Council, what we want to do is to work with America. I believe genuinely, with Europe having created 4.5 million jobs in the last three years, that we can work with the United States to create more employment here, create opportunities for so many millions of Americans. And it may well be that in a revised trade agenda, that we can do that to the mutual benefit of 500 million people in the European Union and your population here across the United States. We will work with this administration, Paul and Mr. President, Mr. Vice President, in the interests of everybody.
Thank you, Peter King, and thank you, Richard Neal -- I know you’re here somewhere -- for the work you’ve done over the years with the (inaudible). (Applause.) It may well be that it might be appropriate for the government and the administration to have a desk here in Washington which will associate itself with Northern Ireland, so that in the event of contact having to be made, that there’s a voice to answer that.
You had in the past envoys appointed to Northern Ireland on practically a full-time basis. I think we can work now as a priority to get this executive up and running in the next short period. But to have continued connection here with the administration would be very important, and I’m sure Peter and Rich will work at that.
I just want to say, I had a very good meeting this morning with the Vice President and with General John Kelly. Sitting at the table, we were hosted by the Vice President in the traditional breakfast in the Naval Observatory. Didn’t get much chance to eat the breakfast, I have to say; it’s one of the difficulties in politics -- it’s in front of you but you can’t get near it. (Laughter.) We did discuss the question of immigration, which is so important to the fabric of our people. And I know that in this country, this is an issue that the administration and the President are reflecting upon. And that’s something that, again, we will work with you diligently in this regard in the two sectors that we used to have a facility for E3 visas for young people who want to come to America and to work here. We discussed that very constructively this morning.
And secondly, as a part of the overall immigration reform that the Irish have contributed so much, it would be part of that. And we look forward to the works that will take place at the time ahead.
You might say that when Mike Pence’s grandfather landed here in Ellis Island in 1923, that the contribution had been made by so many Irish for so many years. It was in 1771 that the friendly Sons of St. Patrick were put together in Philadelphia, and one of their first honorary members was a young man called George Washington. And seven years later, he handed the first commission to a naval officer called John Barry, who was co-founder of the American Navy. And he was joined later by John Holland, who designed the first submarine. And he was followed by Louis Brennan, from my hometown, who had a major impact on the navigation systems for torpedoes.
And so many others, from Henry Ford, through music and culture, and so many other areas, that 22 members of the American Presidents who sat in the White House had either Scots or Irish blood in them. And you follow in that line, sir.
And I’d just like to say in finality, this is what I said to your predecessor on a number of occasions: We would like this to be sorted. It would remove a burden of so many people that they can stand out in the light and say, now I am free to contribute to America as I know I can. And that’s what people want. (Applause.)
I know you’ll reflect on this, but I’m always struck by the American National Anthem when it’s sung before the great occasions. And I suppose being an emotional Irishman, the hairs tingle at the back of your neck when you hear your own national anthem. But for us, when Old Glory waves, and you put your hand on your heart and you say, “The land of the free and the home of the brave,” ours is still as brave as ever, but maybe not as free. Because of the 4,000 Congressional Medals of Honor given out to the defense forces, over 2,000 go to the Irish Americans. So they fought in the Revolutionary War. They beat the daylights out of each other in Fredericksburg and Gettysburg and Yorktown, and other places, in Atlanta. They fought every war for America and died for America -- and will continue to do so. All they want is the opportunity to be free.
And this administration, working with Democrats and Republicans, I hope, can sort this out once and for all. And for future years, you determine what it is that you want to do. As George Mitchell said last evening, you can’t return to open immigration, but for the people who are here -- who should be here, might be here -- that’s an issue that I’m sure your administration will reflect on. And we in Ireland will give you every assistance in that regard.
There are millions out there who want to play their part for America -- if you like, who want to make America great. (Laughter.) Heard it before? Heard that before? (Applause.)
So I see Vicki here in front of me. We didn’t get as far as the Kennedy Center the other evening. I was talking to young people the other day, they were on about all the different things that are happening in the world, and they reminded me of one of JFK’s statements: “This is our planet. Together, we shall save or we shall perish in its flames.”
We have work to do. Let’s eat. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
12:31 P.M. EDTThe Hermitage
Nashville, Tennessee
4:44 P.M. CDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. (Applause.) Wow, what a nice visit this was. Inspirational visit, I have to tell you. I’m a fan. I’m a big fan.
I want to thank Howard Kettell, Francis Spradley of the Andrew Jackson Foundation, and all of the foundation’s incredible employees and supporters for preserving this great landmark, which is what it is -- it’s a landmark of our national heritage.
And a special thank you to Governor Bill Haslam and his incredible wife, who -- we just rode over together -- and Senators Lamar Alexander and Bob Corker, two great friends of mine, been a big, big help. Both incredible guys.
In my address to Congress, I looked forward nine years, to the 250th anniversary of American Independence. Today, I call attention to another anniversary: the 250th birthday of the very great Andrew Jackson. (Applause.) And he loved Tennessee, and so do I -- to tell you that. (Applause.)
On this day in 1767, Andrew Jackson was born on the backwoods soil of the Carolinas. From poverty and obscurity, Jackson rose to glory and greatness -- first as a military leader, and then as the seventh President of the United States.
He did it with courage, with grit, and with patriotic heart. And by the way, he was one of our great Presidents. (Applause.)
Jackson was the son of the frontier. His father died before he was born. His brother died fighting the British in the American Revolution. And his mother caught a fatal illness while tending to the wounded troops. At the age of 14, Andrew Jackson was an orphan, and look what he was able to do. Look what he was able to build.
It was during the Revolution that Jackson first confronted and defied an arrogant elite. Does that sound familiar to you? (Laughter.) I wonder why they keep talking about Trump and Jackson, Jackson and Trump. Oh, I know the feeling, Andrew. (Laughter.)
Captured by the Redcoats and ordered to shine the boots of a British officer, Jackson simply refused. The officer took his saber and slashed at Jackson, leaving gashes in his head and hand that remained permanent scars for the rest of his life. These were the first and far from the last blows that Andrew Jackson took for his country that he loved so much.
From that day on, Andrew Jackson rejected authority that looked down on the common people. First as a boy, when he bravely served the Revolutionary cause. Next, as the heroic victor at New Orleans where his ragtag -- and it was ragtag -- militia, but they were tough. And they drove the British imperial forces from America in a triumphant end to the War of 1812. He was a real general, that one.
And, finally, as President -- when he reclaimed the people’s government from an emerging aristocracy. Jackson’s victory shook the establishment like an earthquake. Henry Clay, Secretary of State for the defeated President John Quincy Adams, called Jackson’s victory “mortifying and sickening”. Oh, boy, does this sound familiar. (Laughter.) Have we heard this? (Laughter.) This is terrible. He said there had been “no greater calamity” in the nation’s history.
The political class in Washington had good reason to fear Jackson’s great triumph. “The rich and powerful,” Jackson said, “too often bend the acts of government to their selfish purposes.” Jackson warned they had turned government into an “engine for the support of the few at the expense of the many.”
Andrew Jackson was the People’s President, and his election came at a time when the vote was finally being extended to those who did not own property. To clean out the bureaucracy, Jackson removed 10 percent of the federal workforce. He launched a campaign to sweep out government corruption. Totally. He didn't want government corruption. He expanded benefits for veterans. He battled the centralized financial power that brought influence at our citizens’ expense. He imposed tariffs on foreign countries to protect American workers. That sounds very familiar. Wait till you see what’s going to be happening pretty soon, folks. (Laughter.) It’s time. It’s time.
Andrew Jackson was called many names, accused of many things, and by fighting for change, earned many, many enemies. Today the portrait of this orphan son who rose to the presidency hangs proudly in the Oval Office, opposite the portrait of another great American, Thomas Jefferson. I brought the Andrew Jackson portrait there. (Applause.) Right behind me, right -- boom, over my left shoulder.
Now I’m honored to sit between those two portraits and to use this high office to serve, defend, and protect the citizens of the United States. It is my great honor. I will tell you that.
From that desk I can see out the wonderful, beautiful, large great window to an even greater magnolia tree, standing strong and tall across the White House lawn. That tree was planted there many years ago, when it was just a sprout carried from these very grounds. Came right from here. (Applause.) Beautiful tree.
That spout was nourished, it took root, and on this, his 250th birthday, Andrew Jackson’s magnolia is a sight to behold. I looked at it actually this morning. Really beautiful. (Applause.)
But the growth of that beautiful tree is nothing compared to growth of our beautiful nation. That growth has been made possible because more and more of our people have been given their dignity as equals under law and equals in the eyes of God.
Andrew Jackson as a military hero and genius and a beloved President. But he was also a flawed and imperfect man, a product of his time. It is the duty of each generation to carry on the fight for justice. My administration will work night and day to ensure that the sacred rights which God has bestowed on His children are protected for each and every one of you, for each and every American. (Applause.)
We must all remember Jackson’s words: that in “the planter, the farmer, the mechanic, and the laborer,” we will find muscle and bone of our country. So true. So true.
Now, we must work in our time to expand -- and we have to do that because we have no choice. We're going to make America great again, folks. We're going to make America great again -- (applause) -- to expand the blessings of America to every citizen in our land. And when we do, watch us grow. Watch what’s happening. You see it happening already. You see it with our great military. You see it with our great markets. You see it with our incredible business people. You see it with the level of enthusiasm that they haven’t seen in many years. People are proud again of our country. And you're going to get prouder and prouder and prouder, I can promise you that. (Applause.)
And watch us grow. We will truly be one nation, with deep roots, a strong core, and a very new springtime of American greatness yet to come.
Andrew Jackson, we thank you for your service. We honor you for your memory. We build on your legacy. And we thank God for the United States of America.
Thank you very much, everybody. (Applause.)
END
4:54 P.M. CDT2:37 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. It is truly great to be back here in Michigan -- great. (Applause.) And it’s also wonderful to be here with the leaders, workers, engineers and suppliers of Ford, and Fiat-Chrysler, and General Motors, and many others. We have so many leaders that we just met, all of the leaders of the major car companies and really the automobile business. It's a great business, it's a wonderful business, but it's been pretty much hurt here. But it's not going to be hurt for long, that I can tell you. (Applause.) That I can tell you.
I'm sure you've all heard the big news that we're going to work on the CAFE standards, so you can make cars in America again. (Applause.) We're going to help the companies, and they're going to help you.
There is no more beautiful sight than an American-made car. No more beautiful sight. (Applause.) I love this state, I love the people of this state. And you did me a big favor, because you gave me a victory, and that victory hasn’t been won by a Republican in a long time -- long time. (Applause.) And you're going to be very happy, believe me. You're going to be very, very happy.
During the campaign, I came to Michigan again and again, and I made this promise, that I am going to fight for your jobs and fight very, very hard. (Applause.) I'm going to fight for Michigan workers. I'm going to fight to keep the automobile production in the United States of America, not outside -- in the United States. (Applause.) And, by the way, for those that have any doubts, many other industries do. That's okay, right?
So we're here not simply to honor the past, but to devote ourselves to a new future of American automotive leadership. We want to be the car capital of the world again. We will be. And it won't be long, believe me. (Applause.) And, by the way, we're going to have a very big announcement next week having to do with your industry. Very, very big. Very important. Everybody is saying, "what is it?" Let's keep them guessing back there. (Laughter.)
You’ve heard me say the words, and I’ll repeat them, right now: Buy American and Hire American. (Applause.) It’s not just a motto, it’s a pledge. It’s a pledge to the working people of this country. The era of economic surrender for the United States is over -- it's over. And you see what's already been happening: plants are coming back; other plants that were expected to be built in other countries are not being built. I just want to tell the leaders they made some very wise decisions. Very wise. Very wise. (Applause.) Some plants that were announced, they're not going to be built. They're smart.
We're going to stand up to foreign cheating. We're going to crack down on currency manipulation. And, yes, we're going to use the full economic powers of our country to protect our workers and to protect our jobs.
Let me also say how important it is for me that we have every segment of this great American industry represented in our audience today. We have everybody. To succeed as a country, we have to work together. We have to fight, side-by-side, to protect our industry and to stop the jobs from leaving our country. It's not going to happen anymore, folks. We've gone through it for many, many years, decades. It's not going to happen anymore. And if it is, there's consequences to pay for the companies that desert us and fire our employees. There are consequences. (Applause.)
Already, we’re seeing jobs coming back. Since my election, Ford has announced 700 new jobs coming back to their plant in Flat Rock, Michigan. (Applause.) Fiat-Chrysler has announced that they will create 2,000 new jobs in Michigan and Ohio. (Applause.) And just today -- breaking news -- General Motors announced that they're adding or keeping 900 jobs right here in Michigan, and that's going to be over the next 12 months. And that's just the beginning, folks. In fact, I told them, that's peanuts -- that's peanuts. (Applause.) We're going to have a lot more. They're going to be building new plants, expanding their plants.
My administration will work tirelessly to eliminate the industry-killing regulations, to lower the job-crushing taxes, and to ensure a level playing field for all American companies and workers.
Before NAFTA went into effect -- by the way, NAFTA, a total disaster -- there were 280,000 autoworkers in Michigan. Today, that number is roughly 165,000 -- and would have been heading down big league if I didn’t get elected, I will tell you that right now. That I can tell you. (Applause.) Plenty of things were stopped in their tracks. They were stopped in their tracks. A lot of bad things were going to happen. A lot of places were going to get built that aren’t going to get built right now in other locations.
The number of auto plants in the state has been cut by a third. Motor City once set the standard of living for the nation. Now it has suffered under decades of failed economic decisions that have stripped our country of its jobs and of its wealth.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership -- another disaster -- threatened states like Michigan, Wisconsin, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and so many others with the loss of countless more jobs. That is why I'm proud to say I followed through on my promise -- and, by the way, many other promises. You’ve seen what’s happened. Many. (Applause.) And immediately withdrew the United States from the TPP. I kept my word. The assault on the American auto industry, believe me, is over. It’s over. (Applause.) Not going to happen anymore.
We are setting up a task force in every federal agency to identify and remove any regulation that undermines American auto production and any other kind of production, including the production of high-end, low-end, big, small, every form of automobile and truck.
During my first week in office, I brought American auto companies to the White House. Mary Barra is here. Mark Fields is here. Sergio is here, and others. And none of them ever got to see the Oval Office before, because nobody took them into the Oval Office -- our Presidents. They employ tens of thousands of people, but I brought them into the Oval Office because they’re going to be expanding their companies. (Applause.)
But they all told me the same thing. They explained that the previous administration promised you a so-called “mid-term review” of the federal fuel efficiency standards. It was necessary because the standards were set far into the future -- way, way into the future. If the standards threatened auto jobs, then commonsense changes could have and should have been made.
Just days before my inauguration, the previous administration cut short the promised mid-term review in an 11th-hour executive action. Today, I am announcing that we are going to cancel that executive action. (Applause.) We are going to restore the originally scheduled mid-term review, and we are going to ensure that any regulations we have protect and defend your jobs, your factories. We’re going to be fair. We’re going to be fair.
This is an issue of deep importance to me. For decades, I have raised the alarm over unfair foreign trade practices that have robbed communities of their wealth and robbed our people of their ability to provide for their families. They’ve stolen our jobs, they’ve stolen our companies, and our politicians sat back and watched, hopeless. Not anymore.
As a private citizen, I looked, really with sadness, as massive shipments of foreign cars have been dumped onto our shores while those same countries have shut their borders to our cars. We take them -- "Come on in, folks. Come on in. No tax. Don’t worry about it." We make cars; they don’t take us. Not anymore. (Applause.)
Since NAFTA was approved, we’ve lost nearly one-third of our manufacturing jobs in the United States. Since China entered the World Trade Organization, we’ve lost 60,000 factories. Hard to believe. Our trade deficit last year reached nearly $800 billion. Who’s making these deals? I can take anybody in the audience -- you’ll do better, believe me. (Laughter.)
These statistics really should have shaken up Washington to do action, but nothing happened. But something did happen -- happened on November 8th. Believe me, it happened. It happened for you. (Applause.)
But the politicians made excuses. They have said these chronic trade deficits have helped us to win friends abroad. I don’t want friends abroad if that’s what it’s going to take. We don’t need friends abroad for that. Do you ever see that, where they said, "No, no, it’s good for us because people like us abroad"? They don’t like us -- they think we’re stupid people. (Laughter.)
But no friendship is strengthened through economic abuse -- because we have been abused. And no country can long lead the free world if it does not protect its industries and care for its people and protect its borders. (Applause.) America will be respected again, and you, as workers, will be respected again. Believe me, you will be respected again. Soon. Now. I think it’s already happened.
Our great Presidents, from Washington to Jefferson to Jackson to Lincoln, all understood that a great nation must protect its manufacturing, must protect itself from the outside. Today, I will be visiting the home of Andrew Jackson on the 250th anniversary of his birth. And they say my election was most similar to his -- 1828. That's a long time ago. Usually they go back like to this one, or that one, 12 years ago, 16. I mean, 1828, that's a long way. That's a long time ago.
In supporting tariffs, Jackson said, “I look at the tariff with an eye to the proper distribution of labor, and to revenue, and with a view to discharge our national debt.” We owe $20 trillion -- $20 trillion with our policies. America cannot be a wealthy country if special interests game the system to profit from the exodus of our companies and from the exodus of our jobs.
We must embrace a new economic model. Let’s call it "The American Model." (Applause.)
Under this system, we will reduce burdens on our companies and on our businesses. But, in exchange, companies must hire and grow in America. They have to hire and grow in our country. That is how we will succeed and grow together -- American workers and American industry side-by-side. Nobody can beat us, folks. Nobody can beat us. (Applause.) Because whether we are rich or poor, young or old, black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots. (Applause.)
Great Americans of all backgrounds built the Arsenal of Democracy -- including the legendary Rosie the Riveter, who worked here at Willow Run. You know that. (Applause.) Seventy-five years ago, during the Second World War, thousands of American workers filled this very building to build the great new airplanes -- the B-24 Liberator. At peak production -- listen to this -- it’s not the country that we've been watching over the last 20 years -- they were building one B-24 every single hour. (Applause.) We don't hear that. We don't hear that anymore, do we? We’ll be back. We’ll be back soon. Most amazing people.
And while that’s incredible, it’s a tribute really to the teamwork, determination, and patriotism that lives on today in each and every one of you. Great people. You're great people.
Now, these hundreds of acres that defended our democracy are going to help build the cars and cities of the future. (Applause.) So I ask you -- that's fine because you're right -- (laughter) -- so I ask you today to join me in daring to believe that this facility, this city, and this nation will once again shine with industrial might. (Applause.)
I am asking you to place your faith in the American worker and these great American companies. (Applause.) I’m also asking you to respect and place your faith in companies from foreign lands that come here to build their product. We love them too, right? We love them too. (Applause.)
I’m asking all of the companies here today to join us in this new Industrial Revolution. Let us put American workers, American families, and American dreams first once again.
May God bless the American worker. May God bless the Motor City. And may God bless the United States of America. Thank you. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you, everybody.
END
2:54 P.M. EDT3:07 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Hello, everybody. I’m proud to welcome everyone to our first official Cabinet meeting.
I want to begin by updating the public on the severe weather situation. I’ve been receiving the latest information on the blizzard forecast, and I think we're in very good shape. We're prepared -- everybody in government is fully prepared and ready. And the entire Northeast, it seems, is under a very severe winter storm warning. So let’s hope it’s not going to be as bad as some people are predicting. Usually it isn’t.
Chancellor Merkel and I have just spoken, and she’s going to be postponing the trip until Friday. She’ll be coming on Friday, and we look forward to that. It will be a very good visit.
I’ve spoken with my Homeland Security Advisor. He’s spoken with the acting FEMA Administrator, instructed him to make certain that the federal government is ready to provide assistance to the states that need federal help. FEMA and the federal government are ready to assist. They are literally waiting by the phones and ready to go.
Everyone should listen to their state and local officials who will be providing regular storm updates. We take that advice very seriously.
This Cabinet is here to serve and protect the American people, and that's what we're doing -- even more so than anybody would understand. The folks in this room have done an amazing job, whether it’s security or anything else. I want to thank General Mattis, who is now Secretary Mattis. I want to thank General Kelly, who is now Secretary Kelly. They've done outstanding work. You see what’s happening. All you have to do is just watch. Big difference.
Unfortunately, not all of our Cabinet members could join us. We have four empty seats -- which is a terrible thing -- because the Senate Democrats are continuing to obstruct the confirmation of our nominees for the Department of Labor, the Department of Agriculture, the Director of National Intelligence, and the United States Trade Representative, somebody I want very badly. We're in the midst of getting going, Wilbur, and they won’t approve somebody who is highly qualified, and everybody understands that. The main victim of this very partisan obstruction is the American public.
Yet in spite of all of this, we've assembled a great team and already made historic progress in delivering results. We're rolling back job-crushing regulations at a faster clip than ever before by far; and we're seeing companies like Exxon, Walmart, Intel, Ford, Fiat Chrysler, and so many others announcing that they will keep and create tens of thousands of jobs in the United States. Many, many companies are not moving now, which normally they would have been out of here a long time ago. They're not moving because they understand there are going to be consequences. If they move, that's fine, but there will be consequences. It’s not going to be so easy. They're not going to fire our people and move and think they're going to ship their jobs back here and we won’t be doing anything about it.
The first two job reports that have come out since my inauguration, we've already added nearly half a million new jobs. Right after this meeting, we’ll be signing a new executive order to begin the process of reorganizing the executive branch to make it less wasteful and more productive. We're also working closely with the House and Senate Republicans to repeal and replace Obamacare.
Obamacare, all of a sudden, the last couple of weeks is getting a false rep that maybe it’s okay. It’s not okay; it’s a disaster -- and people understand that. It’s failed and it’s imploding. And if we let it go for another year, it will totally implode. In fact, I’ve told the Republicans, why don't you just let it go for another year, that way everybody will really understand how bad it is. But it would be the wrong thing for us to do and for the American people.
The House plan will expand choice, lower cost, and ensure healthcare access for all. We're negotiating with everybody. It’s a big, fat, beautiful negotiation, and hopefully we’ll come up with something that's going to be really terrific.
I want to thank Paul Ryan and everybody -- Mitch, everybody, they're all working around the clock. And I think ultimately the big beneficiary will be the American people. We’ll end up with a really great healthcare plan.
We're also going to send Congress a budget request that will include one of the largest increases to defense spending in our history. And General/Secretary Mattis is extremely upset about that. (Laughter.) And it will be fully paid for, okay? Fully paid for. And I saved a lot of money on those jets, didn't I? Did I do a good job? More than $725 million on them. He’s very happy with me. (Laughter.)
In the first full month of my administration following the issuance of my executive orders, illegal immigration on our southern border fell by an unprecedented 40 percent. I want to congratulate General Kelly.
At the same time, I’ve issued a presidential memorandum directing the Department of State and the Department of Homeland Security to undertake immediate steps to enhance our vetting process. So we're further enhancing our vetting process. We want people in our country who love our country and have the potential to love our country and our people. That's who we want. My administration will work every day to serve and protect our great citizens, and we will not rest until the job is done.
So this is our first Cabinet meeting. I hope this is going to be a historic Cabinet meeting -- historic in the sense that we're going to do a fantastic job for the American people, for our country, and for the future of our country.
So thank you all very much. We’ll see you later. Thank you.
END
3:14 P.M. EDT11:27 A.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you all for being here today. It’s a great honor for you to share your personal stories of struggle under the enormous strain imposed on you by the very, very failed and failing Obamacare law. Secretary Price and I, along with my entire administration, and a lot of people in the Senate and a lot of people in the House are committed to repealing and replacing this disastrous law with a healthcare plan that lowers cost, expands choice, and ensures access for everyone.
You represent the millions of Americans who have seen their Obamacare premiums increase by double digits and even triple digits. In Arizona, the rates were over 116 percent last year -- 116 percent increase. And the deductibles are so high you don’t even get to use it.
Many Americans lost their plans and doctors altogether, and one-third of the counties -- think of it, one-third only have one insurer left. The insurance companies are fleeing. They’re gone; so many gone. The House bill to repeal and replace Obamacare will provide you and your fellow citizens with more choices -- far more choices at lower cost. Americans should pick the plan they want. Now they’ll be able to pick the plan they want, they’ll be able to pick the doctor they want. They’ll be able to do a lot of things that the other plan was supposed to give and it never gave. You don’t pick your doctor, you don’t pick your plan -- you remember that one.
We’re not going to have one-size-fits-all. Instead, we’re going to be working to unleash the power of the private marketplace to let insurers come in and compete for your business. And you’ll see rates go down, down, down, and you’ll see plans go up, up, up. You’ll have a lot of choices.
You’ll have plans that nobody is even thinking of today. They will have plans that today nobody has even thought about, because the market is going to enforce that, with millions and millions of people wanting healthcare. More competition and less regulation will finally bring down the cost of care, and I think it will bring it down very significantly. Unfortunately, it takes a while to get there, because you have to let that marketplace kick in, and it’s going to take a little while to get there. Once it does, it’s going to be a thing of beauty. I wish it didn’t take a year or two years, but that’s what’s going to happen, and that’s the way it works. But we’re willing to go through that process.
Working together, we’ll get the job done. And I have to say this just in closing, and then I want to hear some of your stories, and we’ll let the press stay for your stories if you like. But the press is making Obamacare look so good all of a sudden. I’m watching the news -- looks so good. They’re showing these reports about "this one gets so much and this one gets so much."
First of all, it covers very few people. And it’s imploding. And ’17 will be the worst year. And I said it once, I’ll say it again -- because Obama is gone -- things are going to be very bad this year for the people with Obamacare. They’re going to have tremendous increases.
And the Republicans, frankly, are putting themselves in a very bad position -- and I tell this to Tom Price all the time -- by repealing Obamacare -- because people aren’t going to see the truly devastating effects of Obamacare. They’re not going to see the devastation in ’17 and ’18 and ’19. It'll be gone by then, whether we do it or not. It’ll be imploded off the map.
So the press is making it look so wonderful so that if we end it, everyone is going to say, "Oh, remember how great Obamacare used to be, remember how wonderful it used to be, it was so great." It’s a little bit like President Obama. When he left, people liked him. When he was here, people didn’t like him so much. That’s the way life goes. That’s human nature.
The fact is, Obamacare is a disaster. And I say this to the Republicans all the time: By repealing it, by getting rid of it, by ending it, everyone is going to say, "Oh, it used to be so great." But it wasn’t great. And I tell Tom Price and I tell Paul Ryan, I tell everyone of them -- I say, the best thing you can do politically is wait a year, because it’s going to blow itself off the map. But that’s the wrong thing to do for the country, it’s the wrong thing to do for our citizens.
So with that, I’d like to introduce some of the folks and you could say a few words about your experience with Obamacare. And perhaps the press will even report it. (Laughter.)
Would you like to start?
MS. COUEY: Yeah, thank you for this opportunity, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thank you.
MS. COUEY: Our rates are three times what they were before Obamacare started. We have one provider in our county. We have very little options for what we can and cannot do. We’re a small-business owner; we’re actually not a brick-and-mortar, we are cattle ranchers. We can’t afford our equipment if we’re paying these rates year after year after year.
Our food source is in jeopardy because of this healthcare law. It’s my basic --
THE PRESIDENT: I know. Sorry. Don't worry. Don't worry. This is what’s happening. It’s gone up three times, and then you have to pay -- if you don’t want to use it, you have to pay. That’s the all-time beauty. If you don’t want to use it, you have to pay. And, Tom, you have to pay big league, right? Some people say, well, if I use it, I use it, I’m paying too much. If I don’t use it, I have to pay a penalty. And do you have to pay penalties? Do you ever do that, or you have to --
MS. COUEY: We haven’t as of yet, but we were uninsured in December. They dropped us for the fourth time, after we paid over $50,000 last year for healthcare expenses.
THE PRESIDENT: And it’s gone up triple.
MS. COUEY: Yes.
THE PRESIDENT: And before Obamacare, you actually had good healthcare.
MS. COUEY: We did. We had a fantastic plan.
THE PRESIDENT: A lot of people -- nobody ever takes that into account. I’m not saying the system before was good, because it wasn’t, but millions of people had great healthcare that they loved.
Now, when you start deducting those millions of people from the so-called people that are happy, you have a very small number of people that are happy. That, I can tell you.
How about you?
PARTICIPANT: Well, we’re kind of the same story as Carrie. In 2009, I left a full-time job to be a stay-at-home mom to two kids. For our family, it was never an option to get government assistance; we just don’t believe our neighbors should work harder so that we don’t have to. So my husband said, if you can pay for our insurance -- which at the time was $650 a month for private health insurance for a family of four -- then that was fine.
From 2009 to 2015, that private insurance went up by 102 percent. Finally, his employer told us in 2015, when it went up the final time an additional 34 percent, that they couldn’t carry our family anymore, so I had to enter back into the workforce but I couldn’t find a job that offered health insurance. So we entered under Obamacare, and we believed the sales pitch that, "If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor."
So even though we were going to have to pay $1,300 a month for Obamacare, we thought we’d still be okay with our doctors. We were on it for five months. Our pediatrician for our children wouldn’t take it, my doctor wouldn’t take it, so we paid them $8,000 in five months and were never able to use it.
And I think what makes our family story unique is, we’re by no means wealthy. In 2014, when we entered the exchange, we made $53,000 as a family, my husband and I together -- that was our gross income. And then in 2015, we made together -- since I had gone back to work -- $74,000. But when you look at paying $10,000 in health premiums and insurance -- and health costs --
THE PRESIDENT: So it’s been a rough go.
PARTICIPANT: It has, it’s been hard.
THE PRESIDENT: How have you found Obamacare?
PARTICIPANT: We’ll be so happy to see it gone. I mean, it’s almost put our family in financial ruin, and I think that’s the story for a lot of people.
THE PRESIDENT: It’s put businesses in financial ruin.
PARTICIPANT: That’s right.
THE PRESIDENT: It’s one of the biggest costs -- it has been disastrous for businesses.
Go ahead, sir.
MR. SEIFE: Yes, first of all, Mr. President, thank you for having us here.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you.
MR. SEIFE: I think it’s a great opportunity to talk to the American people, people like ourselves that have struggled with the healthcare law.
I myself am from Miami. I haven’t had very much time to prepare, but the President of the United States calls and I’m here. (Laughter.) So it just so happened I had -- every single year for the past couple of years I’ve had a different insurance every single year. Before, I had an individual plan, my wife and I -- my wife is an attorney, I’m a computer programmer; I’m a small business, my wife is a small business. And I just don’t understand what happened. I have a daughter with a disability. We’ve changed our plan every year.
THE PRESIDENT: So your insurance was good before Obamacare.
MR. SEIFE: Oh, absolutely. I never had --
THE PRESIDENT: Many people are like that. Many, many plans were great before Obamacare. They were so happy. And that doesn’t justify the system before Obamacare, but people are miserable now, and it’s putting people out of business and it’s putting them in the poorhouse.
Go ahead.
MR. SEIFE: It’s just that we had to -- they cancelled our plans, and I couldn’t understand why they cancelled our plans. So we had no other choice. I remember the President of the United States say that individual plans will not be covered, you need to have an employer-based plan. I do not work for the government, I do not work for a large employer.
THE PRESIDENT: Very unfair.
MR. SEIFE: We are ground zero. My case is ground zero for the healthcare law.
THE PRESIDENT: And you represent a lot of people in the same situation.
MR. SEIFE: Absolutely.
THE PRESIDENT: It’s very unfair.
MR. SEIFE: Like my friend here, she’s in the same situation. And I think it’s very, very unfair. And I think that the real scenario was that this law was supposed to implode, like you were saying. And my parents are from -- came from communist Cuba, they know what socialism is all about. So I know what socialism is, and that’s pretty much what -- this whole system was meant to have one single provider.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, it turns out it's so expensive it’s almost not socialism when you think about it. (Laughter.) You have to pay so much.
What do you think? Go ahead.
MS. SERTICH: I’m from Arizona, and I can tell you that the 116-percent increase is real, it’s not a myth. I lost my plan three times during the Obamacare era. After losing it this year I decided to opt out. So right now I do not have traditional healthcare.
And I went from a $365-a-month premium last year to a $809-premium this year.
THE PRESIDENT: And a higher deductible.
MS. SERTICH: The deductible was going to be $6,800, no copays. So if I went to the doctor, I would be paying out of my pocket, and it just didn’t seem like a good use of my money. I thought I would be a better steward of that $17,000 at the end of the year should I have reached my deductible, and just decided to opt out. I went into a faith-based share program, and I’m doing that.
One of the reasons I felt like I can do this -- totally taking a leap of faith -- is because I think -- I know you’re going to get this taken care of. So I thought it’s only going to be for a year. I will be on this program, I will opt out of traditional healthcare, or health insurance. And I think you’re going to get it done.
THE PRESIDENT: You have a lot of people in Arizona paying a big penalty?
MS. SERTICH: Yes.
THE PRESIDENT: You’re paying the penalty?
MS. SERTICH: Well, and my husband also owns his own business and can’t afford to offer insurance to employees. And his employees who are also in the independent market, it’s just getting too much. And I’ve had individual insurance for 25 years, since I started my business. So I’ve always been in that individual market, I’ve always done what was right. I took responsibility for myself, made sure I was covered for healthcare because I’m a businessperson, I don’t want any huge healthcare expenses to affect the money that could be going to my business now having to go to a health expense.
So I was in my mid-20s when I said, you know what, I’ve got to get -- we’ve got to get square with this, I have to have independent insurance. So, I have.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much. The people of Arizona have been hit very, very hard. At least 116 percent. Here’s the bad news: It’s going to go up more this year. Now, if we repeal it, nobody is going to know that, and the press is going to say how wonderful it was, and, gee, we miss Obamacare. That’s the problem. It’s the biggest problem I have, Tom. We’re going to do them a big favor, but it’s not the right way.
Go ahead.
MR. BROWN: Mr. President, thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, Louis.
MR. BROWN: My name is Louis Brown. I work for the Christ Medicus Foundation. I'm an attorney by trade. In 2009, when the Affordable Care Act was going through Congress -- what became the Affordable Care Act -- I was working for the Democratic National Committee at the time. I resigned my position because I could tell that the Democratic bill that was going through Congress wanted to publicly fund abortion, and that’s not something that I could go along with. So I resigned my position, later worked for Congressman Dan Lungren in Congress, and went on to eventually work for the Christ Medicus Foundation. And we’re focused on building a culture of life, protecting religious liberty in healthcare, protecting the right of conscience, prohibiting the public funding of abortion, and also prohibiting non-discrimination against pro-life medical providers.
Especially as an African American, I'm a graduate of Howard University School of Law.
THE PRESIDENT: Good school.
MR. BROWN: Yeah. Thank you, Mr. President. And I know from Saint John Paul II -- he said that all of our human and civil rights that we believe in as Americans, that we share as Americans -- the right to healthcare, the right to medical care, to housing, to all of these different things -- are illusory if the right to life isn’t defended with maximum determination.
Seventeen million African Americans, it’s shown, that probably have been aborted since Roe v. Wade. And I supported you in the presidential election, gave several speeches in Michigan telling folks to vote pro-life in the general election, and I’m really happy that you’re here to continue the bipartisan belief that there should be no taxpayer-funding of abortion, and also really to support your effort to show that the patient, the human person, should be at the center of our American healthcare system, not the government. The government has its place, but the patient should be the center. So I’m happy to support you, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. That’s so nice. Thank you, I appreciate it. Great job.
Yes, go ahead.
DR. SETHI: Mr. President, thank you so much for inviting me. My name is Dr. Manny, and I run a nonprofit called Healthy Tennessee, and across Tennessee I’m a trauma surgeon. But what we do is --
THE PRESIDENT: I’ll be in Tennessee on Wednesday.
DR. MANNY: We look forward to hosting you, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: I’ll see you there.
DR. MANNY: Yes, sir. We do these large community events in rural Appalachia, across Tennessee, where we host these health fairs taking care of patients. So it’s really a grassroots effort -- something that you understand better than anybody -- where people come out just to help people. Doctors, nurses on the ground, helping folks with preventative medicine, educating folks. That’s what we do.
But the one thing I’ve been seeing across Tennessee is that folks really can’t afford these rising premiums. So what they’re doing is, effectively, they’re paying the tax penalty because it’s cheaper and it works out better than paying for the insurance. And so that’s been a big problem that we’re seeing across the state. So thank you so much for what you’re doing to tackle this problem.
THE PRESIDENT: So you’ve seen a big problem, and the way out of the problem is to do a plan much more like the plan we’re going to get done.
DR. MANNY: Yes, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: We’ll get that out -- without penalties too, by the way. People don’t mention all of the facts.
You know, the other thing about what we’re talking about -- we really have a three-phase plan. They only want to talk about the first phase. The first phase is just the most basic of phases, and then you have phase two, which is largely done by our Secretary, and then you have phase three, which is a lot of the bells and whistles. But they don’t want to talk about the bells and whistles. So they’re really comparing things to something that won’t be there for long.
And the reason we have to do it that way is because of Congress. I’d love to do it all in one package, but if you did it that way, it can’t get done. So we’re going to get something done that’s going to be terrific.
I appreciate it. Thank you, doctor, very much.
Yes, sir. Go ahead.
MR. BROWN: Thank you, Mr. President. I’d like to thank you for the opportunity to be here today. I, too, am from Tennessee, and I, too, am in the farming industry.
THE PRESIDENT: Good.
MR. BROWN: And the effect that I’ve had through Obamacare is my wife's and my daughter's insurance is supplied through her work, I buy my own. And I’ve seen the increases, since Obamacare, to the tune of about $5,000 a year, just for me. And I have considered taking the option of the penalty because -- my problem with the penalty is, though, if I opt out of the program, and buy a private plan -- just a catastrophic plan because I’m a very healthy man -- if I take that option, not only is my income penalized, but my wife’s income as well, because she makes a considerable more amount of money than I do, but she has insurance. So I don’t think that’s fair.
And I don’t think -- the rate increase is just astronomical, and I’m in the county that only has one option -- BlueCross BlueShield of Tennessee --and I’ve got about $540-a-month premium for the $7,000 out-of-pocket deductible before I see any help at all. And I even got to pay a high premium for a plan that I don’t need or don’t want --
THE PRESIDENT: Will you be able to continue, in the years to come, if you have to keep going like this?
MR. BROWN: They’re dropping out every day -- the suppliers in other counties. There’s 35 counties in Tennessee that has no options at all right now. I don’t know what those folks do.
THE PRESIDENT: You know what that means? That means somebody is going to make a lot of money. You know that. They’re going to make a lot of money. (Laughter.) Somebody is going to -- well, a few. You’re not going to make it. They’re going to make it. There are people very happy about this situation.
MR. BROWN: Thank you for the opportunity to be here.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I appreciate. Thank you, Joel.
Doctor?
DR. ARMSTRONG: Yes, sir. Well, I’m a physician in Texas, and thank you for allowing me to be here today. And I’ll tell you, what I’ve seen is that a lot of patients really are not adequately covered by Obamacare. It was supposed to cover people who had -- like everyone has said here -- with the rising premiums and the rising deductibles. I take care of patients in the hospital, and the patients are shocked to get a $20,000 bill, and to find that they’re responsible for $6,000 of that because their deductible is so high. And that’s just the situation that cannot continue.
Medicaid expansion under Obamacare really doesn’t cover folks either, because many physicians are not even taking Medicare. They’re not accepting it any longer in the outpatient setting. And so folks who have chronic medical illnesses, like cancer -- I mean, my wife is a breast cancer survivor, and most of her treatment was actually as an outpatient. It was very expensive outpatient care. Most physicians don’t even accept Medicaid, so those patients are still uncovered.
And so the Medicaid expansion really hasn’t covered them. The folks who have Obamacare insurance really are inadequately covered as well because they’re still paying extremely high premiums and then having to pay extremely high deductibles. And so it’s really --
THE PRESIDENT: And do they even reach it with the high deductibles? They don’t even reach it for the most part.
DR. ARMSTRONG: You know, oftentimes they do not, unless they have some sort of serious medical problem, and they’re in the hospital, and it’s very expensive -- they don’t even reach their deductible oftentimes. And so it’s unfortunate. So I really appreciate it.
I actually read the bill that’s been produced that’s coming out of the House now, and I really like a lot of the changes in it. I think that this is going to correct a lot of the issues that Obamacare has had. So I really appreciate what you all are doing.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I appreciate it, doctor. Thank you. Say hello to your wife.
DR. ARMSTRONG: Yes, sir. I will. Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Very nice. Thank you.
Gina.
MS. SELL: Hi, Mr. President, I’m Gina. I’m from Wisconsin. I’m a nurse, I’m a mom, and I am part of that huge group of middle-class families that were impacted by the ACA.
Before ACA, we had insurance that was eventually cancelled, and I had written a letter to our senator just asking him, what do I do? Do I quit my job completely so that we can obtain a subsidy -- a job that I love, as a nurse in a hospital that I love? Or do I uproot my family and try to find a job with benefits that doesn’t even cover the medical --
THE PRESIDENT: So the healthcare is -- the Obamacare forced you to actually -- in a sense, forces you, economically and almost potentially, to get another job.
MS. SELL: Right.
THE PRESIDENT: Even though you like your job.
MS. SELL: Right. So I did end up getting a full-time position at the hospital that I worked at. But that came with a price because I was working three days a week, and spending time with my small children, who are my number-one priority. And after the ACA, I was forced -- because we could not afford a premium of $1,200 per month and a deductible that didn’t cover anything -- to find a job with benefits.
THE PRESIDENT: Meaning the deductible was so high that, essentially, unless you had a really big problem, you wouldn’t even be able to use it.
The deductible was so high that essentially unless you had a really big problem, you wouldn’t even be able to use it.
MS. SELL: Correct, yes. And we're still in that boat. I mean, right now our deductible is $6,500. And so if I have a child who's extremely sick, it's going to cost me hundreds of dollars. Just last week, my daughter had a fever, and I sent her to school for three days straight because I had to work to afford our assurance, and I couldn’t afford to bring her to the doctor. So it has been devastating for our family.
THE PRESIDENT: It's really not having insurance at all. A lot of Obamacare, you don’t really have insurance because the deductibles are so high that you really don’t have insurance, if you think about it.
All right. Thank you very much. Good luck.
MS. SELL: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Yes, sir.
MR. KNOX: Mr. President, thank you very much for hosting us. This is great. I have to start with something. As I was leaving the house, my 11-year-old ran up to me and said, "Dad, I'd like to have you give this to Mr. President for me." (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: What do you have there? I wished I looked that good. (Laughter.)
MR. KNOX: "Dear President Trump, it is a great honor to be able to write to the President of the USA. I think you are a great President and a great man. Also, don't worry, the picture of you on the front of this looks nothing like you." (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: (Laughter.) That's very nice. Thank you. Thank you. I wish I looked that good.
MR. KNOX: So I had the privilege of meeting with Secretary Price and Vice President Pence in Cincinnati about a week and a half ago at a roundtable, and I'll share with you what I shared with them. I started with a quote from the great President, Ronald Reagan, who said, "The most terrifying words in the English language are we're from the government and we're here to help.'" (Laughter.) Kind of my feeling on healthcare.
Frankly, I think that the system was broken before the last administration got their hands on it. I started my company 21 years ago, and I had a vision of wanting to provide 100 percent full family healthcare for as long as I had a company, because I really felt in my heart that it was the right thing to do. I was one of the last holdouts. But, sadly, after about 15 years, I really had a choice of either having a company or being able to provide my employees that level of healthcare. And that's sad. I tell my wife all the time -- you can have anything you want, we just can't everything we want. We have the best healthcare system in the world -- we do -- but it needs to be fixed -- whether it's small business owners, like myself -- I'm a manufacturer, I'm on several boards in the Midwest in manufacturing.
What we'd like to see is not a government-operated market, but a free market. I sell (inaudible) equipment for a living. We have a trade show every year, and there's hundreds and hundreds of people selling competitive products. If we had a healthcare show in my town, there would be three or four people under that roof. And as a businessman yourself, you know what that does to driving down costs or the lack thereof. So we would like to see more of a free-market solution, going back to what made this country great -- entrepreneurialism instead of empowerments; work ethics instead of welfare. And that's what we'd like to ask you for. And I'd like to say thank you very much.
THE PRESIDENT: As you know, that's what we're doing largely, but we also have to take care of people that can't afford to be in a position like you are. So we're going to do that. Largely, I think beyond everything, if you look at what's going to happen -- the competitive bidding -- every element of what we're doing is competitive bidding, but we have to take care of people who need the help. And there are a lot of people like that.
MR. KNOX: There's always been a safety net in the United States, and there should be. And, unfortunately, when I see 50,000 -- or 50 million Americans taking assistance in -- you know, they're market food stamps. That's like -- for the people who really can't provide for themselves, you know, we're all charitable people who are Americans, we're the most generous nation on the face of the Earth. So I totally believe in safety nets for those who need them, not free handouts for (inaudible).
THE PRESIDENT: We’re going to help a lot of people, but we are going to be very much free market people. They can afford -- and they'll be off the cost.
Go ahead, Stan.
MR. SUMMERS: I'm Mr. Stan Summers from Box Elder County, northern Utah. I think I'm probably the only other elected official here besides you guys. It's been an interesting ride to watch the healthcare system in the last 26 years. When my son was born, he was three and a half months premature, 26 years ago. And we had really good insurance. We basically didn’t have to pay anything out of pocket besides what we were doing from where I worked. As time went on, you could kind of tell the healthcare system has been a little bit broke, and then all of a sudden the ACA -- and I'm not going to call it the other word -- I call it the last President's healthcare program. I don’t want to say that name.
So anyway --
THE PRESIDENT: Other than that, you like him a lot, right? (Laughter.)
MR. SUMMERS: Yeah, exactly. (Laughter.) It's gotten to the point where I own a couple of businesses too and do the things that I have to do. I actually ran for government so I could have insurance -- and won. But now I'm looking at these people, saying, how can I provide insurance for them without raising taxes and doing these things that are happening -- because everything has gone up. Utah didn’t expand Medicaid -- we weren’t a part of that -- and we can see why now, because of the things that are happening throughout the nation with states and companies and everybody else going bankrupt.
So it got to the point where I ended up -- not only with my businesses -- I have to drive a school bus to keep my wife at home with my kid that was ill. So now I own three businesses, I drive a school bus, and I'm an elected official, to be able to continue to do the things that I need to do with healthcare. The last three -- well, the last three years --
THE PRESIDENT: So it's gone through the roof.
MR. SUMMERS: Oh, I got a $6,000 deductible -- HSA -- but I will meet that again in three months. So I'm at -- I think my wife said morning, at 4,800 or 4,900 bucks already this year in March to be able to meet my out-of-pocket. And so by the time April comes, I would have met that to be able to continue to do. And if there was one thing I probably could ask you about -- and my boy has got a rare disease, and I appreciate you talking about the rare [disease] community in your speeches -- is that if somebody has cancer or somebody has a rare disease or continues to have problems, why do we have to do a deductible every year?
So I’m sitting there at Christmas going, okay, my deductible has been met for six or eight months, and I’m going to turn around and have to do it again for the same disease, for the same symptoms, for the same everything.
THE PRESIDENT: That's interesting. Tom, could you answer that? That would be interesting.
SECRETARY PRICE: It’s all about the risk and spreading the risk with insurance over a period of time. But it is a challenge for individuals with chronic disease, there’s no doubt about it.
MR. SUMMERS: And I appreciate you even thinking about it and talking about grassroots, and when you're talking about all the people that we support with the farmers and ranchers, and the small-business people, and the people that are in manufacturing, our county is one of the largest manufacturing counties in the nation per capita. And Nucor would love to tell you thanks -- Nucor Steel would love to tell you thanks for everything you've been doing.
THE PRESIDENT: Nucor has been very good. It’s going to get better, too.
MR. SUMMERS: And we've got a ton of those. The space program -- we used to make the shuttle boosters out of ATK Thiokal. And we’d love to have the space program. I got a really good friend.
THE PRESIDENT: Those days are gone, but they're coming back.
MR. SUMMERS: I’ve got a friend that's going to go up in the next little bit, Lieutenant Commander Scott Maker Tingle, who is headed up on a spaceship from Russia. But he would love to come back to the United States and be able to go up through the United States. So all those jobs I know will come back with you.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, Gary Cohn, who is sitting right next to you, he’s a big believer in what you're saying -- right, Gary?
MR. SUMMERS: If there’s anything we can do to help you, the counties are behind you. We can find you low-hanging fruit to be able to pick off that tree to help with jobs. Just let us know where we can help.
THE PRESIDENT: Good. Thank you, Stan.
MR. SUMMERS: Thank you for your time.
THE PRESIDENT: Would you have anything to say, Tom, generally speaking?
SECRETARY PRICE: Well, let me start, Mr. President -- really powerful about the consequences of the current law, and you hear people’s lives that have been affected in remarkably adverse ways that sometimes you don't think about as it relates to healthcare -- whether it’s businesses that haven’t been able to survive, or individuals who need to take three, four, five jobs; moms that can't be with their kids when they want. This is about real people. It’s about real patients.
And so working with you and your leadership, we are really excited about the opportunity to put in place a patient-centered system where patients and families and doctors are making decisions, and not Washington, D.C.
THE PRESIDENT: What about the concept that -- and everybody knows it’s happening -- that Obamacare is imploding, that if we don't do anything, it’s not even going to be around in another year? The insurance companies are fleeing. But now it seems to be getting this wonderful press like it’s a wonderful thing, and it’s a horrible thing actually, and getting worse. And ’17 will be, by far, the worst year so far.
SECRETARY PRICE: Yes.
THE PRESIDENT: Because a lot of things were put into ’17. But ’17 is going to be worse, and I assume ’18 will be worse even than ’17. So it’s essentially gone. How do you respond to that? Because I’ve been telling you, "Why don't we wait? Just let it implode, and let’s not take the blame." I’ve been telling you that as an option. It’s not an option I like, frankly, but it’s certainly an option. How do you respond to that?
SECRETARY PRICE: I think ’18 can be better if we implement the law and we utilize the regulatory process to make some --
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I’m not saying that. I’m saying, if we don't implement the law, what happens with Obamacare? What’s going on with Obamacare?
SECRETARY PRICE: What you’ll see is a magnification of all these stories around this table: more businesses being harmed, more individuals not having the kind of income that they -- disposable income that they would use, more moms and dads not able to care for their kids in the way that they believe to be most appropriate, more people getting insurance but no care. This is about real people’s lives, and that's why it’s so important.
THE PRESIDENT: Getting insurance but not being able to use it because the deductibles are so high.
SECRETARY PRICE: That's exactly right.
THE PRESIDENT: And you hear these stories where they're paying a fortune for insurance, and then you hear how high their deductible is. And unless they have a tragedy in their family, they're never going to be able to use it.
SECRETARY PRICE: Yes, this fellow has to -- $13,000 before the insurance kicks in. That's what he has to pay -- $13,000.
MR. SEIFE: That's like not having insurance.
SECRETARY PRICE: That's like not having insurance.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, keep working it.
MS. SERTICH: They're catastrophic plans now.
SECRETARY PRICE: Exactly.
THE PRESIDENT: He’s been working very hard, and he’s doing a great job.
Mr. Vice President, do you have anything to say?
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Mr. President, I think what unequivocally these great Americans see in high relief is you're someone who puts people over politics. And I just want to thank all of them for coming, and in front of the national media, talking about the real world and impacts of Obamacare. You've said it consistently over the last two years that Obamacare has failed. But these people are emblematic of the Americans that Obamacare has failed. And I just am so grateful for their time, but so grateful for your compassionate leadership in driving the Congress and driving our nation toward better healthcare outcomes for them and better solutions built on those American principles of more consumer choices, more free market, but also, as you said, the caring for the most vulnerable by allowing our states to innovate and medicate in ways that will create even better healthcare coverage than they have today.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Mike. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much.
Q Mr. President, do you have any message for those who are concerned about losing their insurance, whether it be Medicaid or higher costs (inaudible)?
THE PRESIDENT: It will get better. If we're allowed to do what we want to do, it will get better -- much better. Hopefully it will get very good.
Q So will it take long?
THE PRESIDENT: It takes a period of time. Thank you, press.
END
12:00 P.M. EDTTHE PRESIDENT: Today we're beginning the process of a long-overdue reorganization of our federal departments and agencies.
We've assembled one of the greatest Cabinets in history, and I believe that so strongly. And we want to empower them to make their agencies as lean and effective as possible, and they know how to do it.
Today there is duplication and redundancy everywhere. Billions and billions of dollars are being wasted on activities that are not delivering results for hardworking American taxpayers, and not even coming close.
This order requires a thorough examination of every executive department and agency to see where money is being wasted, how services can be improved, and whether programs are truly serving American citizens.
The Director of Office of Management and Budget will oversee the evaluation working with experts inside and outside of the federal government, as well as seeking input from the American people themselves.
Based on this input, we will develop a detailed plan to make the federal government work better -- reorganizing, consolidating, and eliminating where necessary: In other words, making the federal government more efficient and very, very cost productive.
So we're going to do something I think very, very special -- they never have been done to the extent that we're going to be able to do it. And you're already seeing results.
We will then work with Congress to implement these recommendations on behalf of the American people.
So with that, I want to thank everybody very much, and I want to wish the Cabinet good luck. I think we have some of the finest people ever assembled for a Cabinet. We're going to do a great job for the American people. Thank you very much.
END11:50 A.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Hello, everybody. I want to thank each of the House committee leaders for being with us today. Your devotion and leadership has been amazing, and I want to just applaud you and the diligent work of your committees to advance the Obamacare repeal-and-replacement legislation that we’ve been talking about for a long time, and that we’ve been running with and I ran with, and I can tell you. And that’s what people want, they want repeal-and-replace. The bill passed just now through Ways and Means, and it will -- I think the committee just voted recently, right?
REPRESENTATIVE WALDEN: Yep.
THE PRESIDENT: Your other committee --
REPRESENTATIVE WALDEN: Energy.
THE PRESIDENT: Energy and Commerce. And it was a very good vote, and congratulations. That was a good job. Amazing.
We must act now to save Americans from the imploding Obamacare disaster. Premiums have skyrocketed by double-digits and triple-digits in some cases. As an example, Arizona -- which I talk about all the time -- 116 percent increase and it’s going up a lot higher. ’17 would be a disaster for Obamacare. That’s the year it was meant to explode, because Obama won’t be here. That was when it was supposed to be -- it will get even worse. As bad as it is now, it’ll get even worse.
Choices are disappearing as one insurer drops out after another. Today, one-third of all counties now have only one insurer on the Obamacare exchanges, and the exchanges themselves are a disaster. The House repeal-and-replace plan ends the Obamacare tax hikes, cutting taxes by hundreds of billions of dollars. It eliminates the Obamacare mandate that forces Americans to buy government-approved plans. We all know that one.
It provides states with flexibility over how Medicaid dollars are spent, giving power from Washington and back to local government, which we all want to see. We’re going to do a much better job. And the plan empowers individual Americans to buy the health insurance that is right for them, not the plan forced on them by government. You all remember, you can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan. I know, Greg, you’ve never heard that, right? But it was said many, many times, and it turned out to be not true.
This is the time we’re going to get it done. We’re working together, we have some great results, we have tremendous spirit, and I think it’s something that is just going to happen very shortly.
So thank you all very much, and we’re going to get to work.
END
11:52 A.M. ESTYour browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript:
My fellow Americans,
In March, we celebrate Women’s History Month, honoring the countless contributions that women leaders, scientists, and entrepreneurs have made throughout American history.
We are a greater, stronger, and more just Nation today because of women like Clara Barton, Susan B. Anthony, Harriet Tubman, and so many others.
We honor them and we recommit ourselves to a better future for every woman in America today.
On my 50th day in office, I want to talk about an issue of paramount importance to families across our nation – healthcare.
Seven years ago this month, Obamacare was signed into law over the profound objections of American people. Our citizens were told they would have to pass Obamacare to find out what it was and how bad it was.
Now we know that the hundreds of pages were full of broken promises.
Americans were promised that Obamacare would bring premiums down $2,500 for a typical family. Instead, they’ve gone up by more than $4,000.
Americans were promised that Obamacare would increase competition and provide them with more choices. Instead, the number of plans to choose from has plummeted – and I mean plummeted.
This year, Americans in nearly one-third of all counties have only one insurer to choose from on the exchanges – or, in effect, no real choice at all.
Americans were promised that if they liked their health insurance and their doctors, they could keep them. Instead, millions of Americans lost the insurance and lost the doctor that they liked and were thrust into a cold new reality of higher costs and less coverage.
Through seven long years of botched rollouts, soaring costs, cancelled plans, and bureaucratic mandates, Americans have called out for relief. And relief is what we are determined to give them.
I want every American to know that action on Obamacare is an urgent necessity.
The law is collapsing around us, and if we do not act to save Americans from this wreckage, it will take our healthcare system all the way down with it. If we do nothing, millions more innocent Americans will be hurt – and badly hurt.
That’s why we must repeal and replace Obamacare.
House Republicans have put forward a plan that gets rid of this terrible law and replaces it with reforms that empower states and consumers.
You will have the choice and the freedom to make the decisions that are right for your family.
The House plan follows the guidelines I laid out in my recent address to Congress – expanding choice, lowering costs, and providing healthcare access for all.
This plan is part of a three-pronged reform process. In concert with the plan in front of Congress, I have directed Dr. Tom Price, our Secretary of Health and Human Services, to use his authority to reduce regulations that are driving up costs of care.
We are also working on reforms that lower the costs of care, like allowing Americans to purchase health insurance across state lines. You’ve heard me say that many, many times during the debates.
I encourage Democrats to work with us to improve the healthcare system for the American people. Also, we will be driving down the costs.
We will deliver relief to American workers, families, and small businesses, who right now are being crushed by Obamacare, by increasing freedom, choice, and opportunity for the American people.
Thank you very much.11:17 A.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, everybody, very much. Good morning and I greatly appreciate you being here. We have some real experts with us and we have some great bankers with us.
Today's discussion is crucial to my jobs agenda and to the American people. Community banks play a vital role in helping create jobs by providing approximately half of all loans to small businesses, and that's been dwindling because the community banks have been in big trouble.
Nearly half of all private-sector workers are employed by small businesses. We must ensure access to capital. Small businesses -- small businesses to grow. Community banks are the backbone of small business in America. We are going to preserve our community banks.
You probably know this -- I signed an executive order on regulation on February 3rd, I believe it was. And that's a big executive order, a very powerful executive order. It's taking a lot of the regulation away. You'll be able to loan. You'll be able to be safe. But you'll be able to provide the jobs that we want and also create great businesses.
So it's an honor to have you with us today, and perhaps we could go around the room. And we'll start with Dorothy, and say who you are and who you represent.
Go ahead, Dorothy.
MS. SAVARESE: Thank you, Mr. President. I'm Dorothy Savarese. I'm from Cape Cod Five Mutual Company on Cape Cod, Massachusetts.
MS. ANDERSEN: And I'm Leslie Andersen, and I'm with the Bank of Bennington in Bennington, Nebraska.
MR. ZIMMERMAN: Tim Zimmerman, Standard Bank in the suburbs of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
THE PRESIDENT: Great.
MS. ROMERO RAINEY: Rebeca Romero Rainey from Centinel Bank in beautiful Taos, New Mexico.
THE PRESIDENT: Very good.
MS. CUNDIFF: I'm Luanne Cundiff with First State Bank of St. Charles.
MR. Heitkamp: I'm Scott Heitkamp, ValueBank Texas in Corpus Christi, Texas.
THE PRESIDENT: Good. Thanks, Scott.
MS. STEWART: Laura Steward from the other Washington -- Seattle. (Laughter.)
MR. SZYPERSKI: Jeff Szyperski from Chesapeake Bank from Kilmarnock, Virginia.
THE PRESIDENT: Good, thank you.
MR. BURGESS: And I'm Ken Burgess with FirstCapital Bank of Texas in Midland, Texas.
THE PRESIDENT: Good. Thank you.
Okay, thank you very much. Thank you.
END
11:20 A.M. EST3:34 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, everybody, and Mike Pence is going to be here in a few minutes. We miss Mike when he's not around. (Laughter.)
So I want to thank the members of the House Deputy Whip team. It will be very important over the next number of months. We have a great team and we're going to have a lot of victories, a lot of wins, but we have a great team.
Together, we're going to do incredible things for the great citizens of our country. As I said during my joint address to Congress -- and I think you mostly liked that, right? (Laughter.)
PARTICIPANT: We loved that. (Laughter.)
PARTICIPANT: We liked it a lot. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: We're witnessing a renewal of the American spirit, a surge of optimism and a new national pride, which is sweeping across the land. I see it -- there's such spirit, whether it's for the business things we're doing or whatever. It's such spirit that we haven't seen in the country in a long time. Jobs are pouring back here. You saw what happened with Exxon, where they just announced a massive job program. So we're going to have some fun.
Now, we have to remember, Obamacare is collapsing and it's in bad shape. And we're going to take action. There's going to be no slowing down. There's going to be no waiting and no more excuses by anybody. We're all now -- I can probably say I'm a politician. (Laughter.) Okay? I am a politician.
But we're going to get it done, and you're the leaders that really will get it done for all of us and for the American people. Obamacare is in very bad shape. I believe that if we wait two years, it will totally implode. It's really pretty much imploding now, Steve, when you think. But it will implode and people will be, like, please help us, please help us, and that will be the Democrats asking for help. They already are asking for help in the true sense of the word, because it's a disaster. The insurance companies are fleeing. Some states are up over 100 percent in costs. The deductibles are through the roof -- you don't even get to use it.
So we're going to do something that's great, and I'm proud to support the replacement plan, released by the House of Representatives and encouraged by members of both parties. I think really that we're going to have something that's going to be much more understood and much more popular than people can even imagine. It follows the guidelines I laid out in my congressional address -- a plan that will lower costs, expand choices, increase competition, and ensure healthcare access for all Americans.
This will be a plan where you can choose your doctor. This will be a plan where you can choose your plan. (Laughter.) And you know what the plan is -- this is the plan. And we're going to have a tremendous -- I think we're going to have a tremendous success. It's a complicated process, but actually it's very simple. It's called good healthcare.
So I want to thank you folks for being with us today, ladies and gentlemen. And we will do something really, really important and really good for the American people. I think it's going to go very quickly. I hope it's going to go very quickly. And as you know, after that, we work on the tax cut. We're going to be planning a major tax cut. I know exactly what we're looking at -- most of us know exactly the plan. It's going to put our country in great shape and we're going to reduce taxes for companies and for people, and I can use the word again -- massively. It's going to be a big tax cut, the biggest since Reagan, maybe bigger than Reagan.
So I look forward -- I really look forward to working on that, but we can't really get to that, unfortunately, because of the way your system works. We can't get to that until we take care of healthcare. So we'll take care of the healthcare. I appreciate your great support and let's get it done.
Thank you. Thank you all. Fantastic. Thank you.
REPRESENTATIVE SCALISE: Well, Mr. President, thank you for having our Deputy Whip team to the White House. And thank you for your commitment on following through on what, to most Americans, is probably one of the most important promises that was made not only by you, but by all of us in getting this majority -- both in the House and Senate -- and the White House, and that is rescuing the American people from the failures of Obamacare.
We've heard the message for years. We've seen the dramatically skyrocketing costs. You're seeing double-digit increases every year in most part of the country in health premiums for families. Many families are seeing deductibles that rise about the $10,000 range, which means people don't have access to healthcare. People don't have the ability to choose their own doctor.
You talked about this the other night in just one of the best speeches I’ve heard from a President standing at that well in the House Chamber when you addressed the joint session and gave an inspirational speech to the country laying out the things that need to happen and that you're going to do to get this country back on track, and to create jobs, and to secure America.
But one of the things you talked about is how it’s wrong that unelected bureaucrats in Washington have the ability to tell you what you can and can't buy for your family in healthcare, one of the most personal decisions families make.
This bill finally starts the process of not only repealing Obamacare, but also replacing it with reforms that put patients back in charge of their healthcare decisions, that lower costs for families. Let them actually choose the decisions between them and their doctor, which are so personal.
And so as we start this process, the people in this room, the chief deputy whips are the ones that are going to be working directly with members to ultimately pass this bill to your desk so that we can quickly provide that relief from Obamacare to the people of the United States.
And I know we are honored to have our former House colleague and now our Vice President of the United States who has been involved in this fight from the beginning, as well, Vice President Mike Pence joining us, too.
Thank you, Mr. Vice President.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much, Steve. And again, we're going to work quickly. It’s a great bill. We're going to have -- I really believe we're going to have tremendous support. I’m already seeing the support -- not only in this room, I’m seeing it from everybody. And I’m seeing it from the public. And they want Obamacare over.
I got elected to a certain extent -- I would say a pretty good little chunk -- based on the fact repeal and replace Obamacare. And many of you people are in the same boat. Very important. So let’s get it done.
Thank you all very much for being here. Thank you. Okay, thank you.
END
3:41 P.M. ESTYour browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript:
My fellow Americans,
I'm joining you today from the deck of what will be our Nation's newest aircraft carrier, the soon-to-be commissioned Gerald R. Ford, and as you can see, I’m wearing a jacket and a hat that they just gave me. Not really used to it, but it feels awfully good – I’m very proud of it actually.
Our carriers are the centerpiece of American military might, projecting power and our totally unparalleled strength at sea.
This beautiful new warship represents the future of naval aviation, and she will serve as a cornerstone of our national defense for decades and decades to come.
A famous aviator once wrote that, to build a truly great ship, we shouldn't begin by gathering wood, cutting boards, or distributing work, but instead by awakening within the people a “desire for the vast and endless sea.” So true.
In the same way, we must continue to renew the American spirit in order to rebuild our country, and rebuild it we will.
On Tuesday, before a Joint Session [of] Congress, I laid out a vision – I hope you all watched – for how to accomplish that national rebuilding.
My vision includes the elimination of the defense sequester, which has imposed steep cuts on our military.
We must give our sailors, soldiers, airmen, marines, and coastguardsmen the tools, equipment, resources and training they need to get the job done, and get it done right - especially in these very dangerous times.
The active duty Army has been reduced by more than 85,000 men since 2009, and we have over 18,000 fewer active duty marines.
The Air Force, it’s the smallest it has been since 1947, and their planes are, on average, nearly thirty years old, if you can believe that.
Our Navy's fleet is the smallest it has been since World War I, and that’s a long time ago.
Frontline Navy and Marine strike fighter aircraft are more likely to be down for maintenance than to be in the sky.
We cannot afford to continue down this path. My budget will give America's armed forces the resources they need to achieve full and total military preparedness to meet any and all global challenges – and meet them, we will.
Investing in the military means investing in peace - because the best way to prevent war, as George Washington said, is to be prepared for it.
Most importantly, an investment in the military is an investment in the incredible men and women who serve our country in uniform. They are the best of us. They are the greatest force for peace and justice the world has ever known - and we will support them every single step of the way.
These are truly exciting times. Amazing opportunities are unfolding before us - to strengthen our military, to reboot our economy, and to bring back our jobs. If we all work together, and put our country first, then anything is possible. Let us seize this moment and make the most of this incredible opportunity for national renewal.
May God bless the men and women of our military, and may God bless the United States of America, the country we love.St. Andrew Catholic School
Orlando, Florida
1:51 P.M. EST
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, first of all, I want to thank you very much. Great job. Really a fantastic job. We just did a tour. I was given a couple of beautiful cards by the students -- really well done. And I appreciate it.
And Bishop Noonan, thank you so much. A very powerful man, and I -- the most powerful man, right? (Laughter.) And I appreciate it very much for your uplifting prayer. I have to say that your support of schools like St. Andrews Catholic School has been incredible. Everybody talks about it. They talk about you. You understand how much the students benefit from full education, one that enriches both the mind and the soul, a combination -- and that's a good combination.
Latrina, I want to just thank you. The job you've done is incredible. Everyone -- we've been talking about you actually you have a big reputation in Florida. You do know that, right? (Laughter.) For your talent and a lot of other things. But I see it -- and for your love of what you do. Because I could see as soon as I met you, the love that you have for what you do is really fantastic. So I want to thank you very much.
And Superintendent Fortier -- where is Superintendent? Where is Superintendent? You have been -- come here. You have been fantastic. And the job you're doing and willing to do is going to be -- I think with what's happening and with people like Marco and Rick Scott and the President and seeing this today -- I mean, it just -- it's going to get further and further because I know they're big fans.
So I'm grateful to have everybody here today. I'm also very pleased and -- where is Rick Scott? Right over here, Governor Scott and Senator Marco Rubio and, as you know, Secretary DeVos -- she was approved a couple of weeks ago. And she's the one that we all report to when it comes to education. And I know you're going to have a fantastic relationship with the Secretary, and that's going to be a lot of good things for your school and for the entire system.
St. Andrews Catholic School represents one of the many parochial schools dedicated to the education of some of our nation's most disadvantaged children. But they're becoming just the opposite very rapidly through education and with the help of the school choice programs. This month, we commemorate the thousands of peaceful activists for justice who joined Martin Luther King on the march from Selma to Montgomery. And that day, Reverend King hoped that inferior education would become, as he said, "a thing of the past." And we're going to work very much for the future and what he predicted would be with the future. As I've often said in my address to Congress and just about anyplace else I can speak, education is the civil rights issue of our time. And it's why I've asked Congress to support a school-choice bill. And we've come a long way. I think we really -- we're right out there and we're ahead of -- we're ahead of schedule in so many ways when it comes to education. And, again, Betsy is going to lead that -- you're going to lead that charge, right?
SECRETARY DEVOS: You bet.
THE PRESIDENT: You're going to do a fantastic job. Denisha Merriweather is with us today and you were so wonderful the other night.
MS. MERRIWEATHER: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: That was quite a night. I will say that, Denisha. I was honored that Denisha joined Melania and myself as our guest to my address to Congress. Denisha is the first in her family to graduate high school and college, and is about to complete her master's degree in social work, right? (Applause.) And Denisha, we want millions more to have the same chance to achieve the great success that you're achieving right now. And you think that can be done, I'll bet, right?
MS. MERRIWEATHER: Of course.
THE PRESIDENT: Look at that. (Laughter.) Her eyes light up. And that's good news. So I want to thank all of the parents and teachers and students at St. Andrews and all of the graduates that are with us today. It's a special place. It's also a special state. Florida, to me, is a very, very special, special state. I mean, I know those people back there -- they know why I like it so much. We've had a lot of success in Florida and I love it. It's my second home. I'm here all the time. We have the Southern White House in Florida. (Laughter.) And we get a lot of work done -- believe me, there's not rest at the Southern White House -- it's all work. And we love this state. And we love this state, the way it's managed between Marco and Rick and some of the others. They're doing a great job and we appreciate it very much. And thank you. And thank you very much. (Applause.)
END
1:56 P.M. EST2:28 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thank you very much. What an honor. They just gave me this beautiful jacket. They said, here, Mr. President, please take this home. I said, let me wear it. (Laughter.) And then they gave me the beautiful hat, and I said, you know, maybe I'll do that. We have a great "Make America Great Again" hat, but I said, this is a special day, we're wearing this. Right? (Applause.) I have no idea how it looks, but I think it looks good. It's a great-looking hat -- just like this is a great-looking ship.
Thank you. I'm privileged to stand here today with the incredible men and women of the United States Navy. (Applause.) American sailors are the best warfighting sailors anywhere in the world. And it's not even close. And, Susan, I am so glad you could be with us. I know how hard you work -- 17 visits. And she wanted things done right, I will tell you. They told me she wanted this one done right, in honor of both of her parents, who were great, great people. And we wanted to introduce this beautiful vessel to the American people. And I wanted to be here, I wanted to be with you. So, Susan, and to your family -- unbelievable job. Unbelievable. (Applause.)
The soon-to-be commissioned Gerald R. Ford USS -- what a place. It really feels like a place. You stand on that deck, and you feel like you're standing on a very big piece of land. But this is better than land. It will not only be a great symbol of American strength, but a great legacy for your father, and our former President, Gerald Ford.
President Ford was a Navy man. By the way, he was also a great athlete, for those of you that didn’t know. He saw action in the South Pacific during World War II. He served this country with honor -- in the military, in Congress, and in the White House. The proud dignity of this ship is a fitting tribute to Gerald Ford, the man and the President.
Congratulations to all of the men and women who helped build it. This is American craftsmanship at its biggest, at its best, at its finest. American workers are the greatest anywhere in the world. This warship, and all who serve on it, should be a source of shared pride for our nation. We are joined today -- (applause) -- better believe it, right? Better believe it. (Applause.) Better believe it. And, by the way, we're going to soon have more coming. We'll have more coming. (Applause.)
We are joined today by General Mattis, now Secretary Mattis -- (applause) -- where is he? -- who will be charged with overseeing this great rebuilding of our military might. We will give the men and women of America’s armed services the resources you need to keep us safe. We will have the finest equipment in the world -- planes, ships and everything else. We are going to have, very soon, the finest equipment in the world. (Applause.)
We will give our military the tools you need to prevent war and, if required, to fight war and only do one thing -- you know what that is? Win! Win! (Applause.) We're going to start winning again.
Admiral John Richardson, Chief of Naval Operations, is with us today as well -- great gentleman. Admiral, we're going to ensure our Navy has the resources, personnel training and equipment -- the kind of equipment that you need. So, congratulations, Admiral. And a lot more is coming. (Applause.)
Let me congratulate Captain Richard McCormack, Commanding Officer of the Gerald R. Ford. This ship will make an extraordinary addition to the fleet like no other -- like no other. Anywhere in the world there's nothing like this. It represents the future of naval aviation. I have no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief and the Commander-in-Chief of the men and women of the United States military. Great people. (Applause.) Great, great people.
I salute you, and I salute our sailors. I will always support you and your mission. I will never, ever let you down. And I also have to recognize Mike Petters, President and CEO of Huntington Ingalls Industries along with Matt Mulherin, President of Newport News Shipbuilding. (Applause.) They won't let you down either. (Applause.) They're not going to let you down either. (Applause.)
To those who serve our nation in uniform and to those who build the instruments of our defense, I thank you on behalf of our nation.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: U-S-A!
THE PRESIDENT: (Laughter.) I agree, I agree. (Laughter.)
Our carriers are the centerpiece of American military might overseas. We are standing today on 4.5 acres of combat power and sovereign U.S. territory, the likes of which there is nothing to compete. There is no competition to this ship. It is a monument to American might that will provide the strength necessary to ensure peace. This ship will carry 4,500 personnel and 70 aircraft, and will be a vital component of our defense. This carrier and the new ships in the Ford class will expand the ability of our nation to carry out vital missions on the oceans to project American power in distant lands. Hopefully, it's power we don’t have to use, but if we do, they're in big, big trouble. (Applause.)
This great aircraft carrier provides essential capabilities to keep us safe from terrorism and take the fight to the enemy for many years in the future. The great Admiral Nimitz, who commanded the U.S. Pacific fleet through the Second World War, once said, "It is the function of the Navy to carry the war to the enemy so that we'll not be fought on U.S. soil." True. (Applause.) And it was under Admiral Nimitz's command 75 years ago this June that the Navy did just that at the Battle of Midway. You've all known about the Battle of Midway, where the sailors of the U.S. Navy fought with the bravery that will be remembered throughout the ages. Storied bravery throughout the ages.
The backbone of the American fleet at Midway was three beautiful aircraft carriers: the Yorktown, the Enterprise and the Hornet. All three were built with American hands right here at the Newport News Shipyard. (Applause.) At Midway, America was greatly outnumbered by, I mean, a lot -- (laughter) -- and its fleet badly damaged. But the heroic deeds changed the course of history. Many brave Americans died that day, and, through their sacrifice, they turned the tide of the Pacific War. It was a tough tide, it was a big tide, it was a vicious tide, and they turned it.
Countless other Americans in that war, some of them parents and grandparents to people in this room today, came home thanks to their very heroic deeds. The sailors at Midway are part of a long line of American heroes, an unbroken chain of patriots from each generation to the next, who rose to defend our flag and our freedom.
That legacy continues today as American warriors protect our people from the threat of terrorism. On Tuesday, in my address to a joint session of Congress, I asked Congress to eliminate the defense sequester and to support my request for a great rebuilding of the United States military and the United States Navy. (Applause.)
After years of endless budget cuts that have impaired our defenses, I am calling for one of the largest defense-spending increases in history. And by eliminating the sequester and the uncertainty it creates, we will make it easier for the Navy to plan for the future and thus to control costs and get the best deals for the taxpayer, which, of course, is very important, right? Got to get a good deal. If we don’t make a good deal, we’re not doing our job.
The same boat for less money. The same ship for less money. The same airplanes for less money. That’s what we’re doing. That’s what we’re doing. Means we’re going to get more of them, and we can use them.
Our military requires sustained, stable funding to meet the growing needs placed on our defense. Right now, our aging frontline strike and strike-fighters -- the whole aircraft; many, many aircraft -- are often more likely to be downed for maintenance than they are to be up in the sky. Our Navy is now the smallest it’s been since, believe it or not, World War I. Don’t worry, it's going to soon be the largest it’s been. Don’t worry. (Applause.) Think of that. Think of that.
In these troubled times, our Navy is the smallest it’s been since World War I. That’s a long time ago. In fact, I just spoke with Navy and industry leaders and have discussed my plans to undertake a major expansion of our entire Navy fleet, including having the 12-carrier Navy we need. (Applause.)
We also need more aircraft, modernized capabilities, and greater force levels. Additionally, we must vastly improve our cyber capabilities. This great rebuilding effort will create many jobs in Virginia, and all across America, and it will also spur new technology and new innovation.
America has always been the country that boldly leads the world into the future, and my budget will ensure we do so and continue to do exactly that. American ships will sail the seas. American planes will soar the skies. American workers will build our fleets. (Applause.) And America’s military will ensure that even though the darkest nights and throughout, a bright and glowing sun will always shine on our nation and on our people. Our Navy is great. Our Navy is great. Our people are great. Great. (Applause.)
Our Republic will meet any challenge, defeat any danger, face any threat, and always seek true and lasting peace.
May God bless our military. May God bless our Navy. May God bless the wonderful Gerald Ford family. And may God continue to bless the United States of America. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
END
2:42 P.M. ESTU.S. Capitol
Washington, D.C.
9:09 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Vice President, members of Congress, the First Lady of the United States -- (applause) -- and citizens of America:
Tonight, as we mark the conclusion of our celebration of Black History Month, we are reminded of our nation's path towards civil rights and the work that still remains to be done. (Applause.) Recent threats targeting Jewish community centers and vandalism of Jewish cemeteries, as well as last week's shooting in Kansas City, remind us that while we may be a nation divided on policies, we are a country that stands united in condemning hate and evil in all of its very ugly forms. (Applause.)
Each American generation passes the torch of truth, liberty and justice in an unbroken chain all the way down to the present. That torch is now in our hands. And we will use it to light up the world. I am here tonight to deliver a message of unity and strength, and it is a message deeply delivered from my heart. A new chapter -- (applause) -- of American Greatness is now beginning. A new national pride is sweeping across our nation. And a new surge of optimism is placing impossible dreams firmly within our grasp.
What we are witnessing today is the renewal of the American spirit. Our allies will find that America is once again ready to lead. (Applause.) All the nations of the world -- friend or foe -- will find that America is strong, America is proud, and America is free.
In nine years, the United States will celebrate the 250th anniversary of our founding -- 250 years since the day we declared our independence. It will be one of the great milestones in the history of the world. But what will America look like as we reach our 250th year? What kind of country will we leave for our children?
I will not allow the mistakes of recent decades past to define the course of our future. For too long, we've watched our middle class shrink as we've exported our jobs and wealth to foreign countries. We've financed and built one global project after another, but ignored the fates of our children in the inner cities of Chicago, Baltimore, Detroit, and so many other places throughout our land.
We've defended the borders of other nations while leaving our own borders wide open for anyone to cross and for drugs to pour in at a now unprecedented rate. And we've spent trillions and trillions of dollars overseas, while our infrastructure at home has so badly crumbled.
Then, in 2016, the Earth shifted beneath our feet. The rebellion started as a quiet protest, spoken by families of all colors and creeds -- families who just wanted a fair shot for their children and a fair hearing for their concerns.
But then the quiet voices became a loud chorus as thousands of citizens now spoke out together, from cities small and large, all across our country. Finally, the chorus became an earthquake, and the people turned out by the tens of millions, and they were all united by one very simple, but crucial demand: that America must put its own citizens first. Because only then can we truly make America great again. (Applause.)
Dying industries will come roaring back to life. Heroic veterans will get the care they so desperately need. Our military will be given the resources its brave warriors so richly deserve. Crumbling infrastructure will be replaced with new roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and railways gleaming across our very, very beautiful land. Our terrible drug epidemic will slow down and, ultimately, stop. And our neglected inner cities will see a rebirth of hope, safety and opportunity. Above all else, we will keep our promises to the American people. (Applause.)
It's been a little over a month since my inauguration, and I want to take this moment to update the nation on the progress I've made in keeping those promises.
Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Walmart and many others have announced that they will invest billions and billions of dollars in the United States, and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs. (Applause.)
The stock market has gained almost $3 trillion in value since the election on November 8th, a record. We've saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price of a fantastic -- and it is a fantastic -- new F-35 jet fighter, and we'll be saving billions more on contracts all across our government. We have placed a hiring freeze on non-military and non-essential federal workers.
We have begun to drain the swamp of government corruption by imposing a five-year ban on lobbying by executive branch officials and a lifetime ban -- (applause) -- thank you -- and a lifetime ban on becoming lobbyists for a foreign government.
We have undertaken a historic effort to massively reduce job-crushing regulations, creating a deregulation task force inside of every government agency. (Applause.) And we’re imposing a new rule which mandates that for every one new regulation, two old regulations must be eliminated. (Applause.) We’re going to stop the regulations that threaten the future and livelihood of our great coal miners. (Applause.)
We have cleared the way for the construction of the Keystone and Dakota Access Pipelines -- (applause) -- thereby creating tens of thousands of jobs. And I've issued a new directive that new American pipelines be made with American steel. (Applause.)
We have withdrawn the United States from the job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership. (Applause.) And with the help of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, we have formed a council with our neighbors in Canada to help ensure that women entrepreneurs have access to the networks, markets and capital they need to start a business and live out their financial dreams. (Applause.)
To protect our citizens, I have directed the Department of Justice to form a Task Force on Reducing Violent Crime. I have further ordered the Departments of Homeland Security and Justice, along with the Department of State and the Director of National Intelligence, to coordinate an aggressive strategy to dismantle the criminal cartels that have spread all across our nation. (Applause.) We will stop the drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth, and we will expand treatment for those who have become so badly addicted. (Applause.)
At the same time, my administration has answered the pleas of the American people for immigration enforcement and border security. (Applause.) By finally enforcing our immigration laws, we will raise wages, help the unemployed, save billions and billions of dollars, and make our communities safer for everyone. (Applause.) We want all Americans to succeed, but that can't happen in an environment of lawless chaos. We must restore integrity and the rule of law at our borders. (Applause.)
For that reason, we will soon begin the construction of a great, great wall along our southern border. (Applause.) As we speak tonight, we are removing gang members, drug dealers, and criminals that threaten our communities and prey on our very innocent citizens. Bad ones are going out as I speak, and as I promised throughout the campaign.
To any in Congress who do not believe we should enforce our laws, I would ask you this one question: What would you say to the American family that loses their jobs, their income, or their loved one because America refused to uphold its laws and defend its borders? (Applause.)
Our obligation is to serve, protect, and defend the citizens of the United States. We are also taking strong measures to protect our nation from radical Islamic terrorism. (Applause.) According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted of terrorism and terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country. We have seen the attacks at home -- from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon, and, yes, even the World Trade Center.
We have seen the attacks in France, in Belgium, in Germany, and all over the world. It is not compassionate, but reckless to allow uncontrolled entry from places where proper vetting cannot occur. (Applause.) Those given the high honor of admission to the United States should support this country and love its people and its values. We cannot allow a beachhead of terrorism to form inside America. We cannot allow our nation to become a sanctuary for extremists. (Applause.)
That is why my administration has been working on improved vetting procedures, and we will shortly take new steps to keep our nation safe and to keep out those out who will do us harm. (Applause.)
As promised, I directed the Department of Defense to develop a plan to demolish and destroy ISIS -- a network of lawless savages that have slaughtered Muslims and Christians, and men, and women, and children of all faiths and all beliefs. We will work with our allies, including our friends and allies in the Muslim world, to extinguish this vile enemy from our planet. (Applause.)
I have also imposed new sanctions on entities and individuals who support Iran's ballistic missile program, and reaffirmed our unbreakable alliance with the State of Israel. (Applause.)
Finally, I have kept my promise to appoint a justice to the United States Supreme Court, from my list of 20 judges, who will defend our Constitution. (Applause.)
I am greatly honored to have Maureen Scalia with us in the gallery tonight. (Applause.) Thank you, Maureen. Her late, great husband, Antonin Scalia, will forever be a symbol of American justice. To fill his seat, we have chosen Judge Neil Gorsuch, a man of incredible skill and deep devotion to the law. He was confirmed unanimously by the Court of Appeals, and I am asking the Senate to swiftly approve his nomination. (Applause.)
Tonight, as I outline the next steps we must take as a country, we must honestly acknowledge the circumstances we inherited. Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force. Over 43 million people are now living in poverty, and over 43 million Americans are on food stamps. More than one in five people in their prime working years are not working. We have the worst financial recovery in 65 years. In the last eight years, the past administration has put on more new debt than nearly all of the other Presidents combined.
We've lost more than one-fourth of our manufacturing jobs since NAFTA was approved, and we've lost 60,000 factories since China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001. Our trade deficit in goods with the world last year was nearly $800 billion dollars. And overseas we have inherited a series of tragic foreign policy disasters.
Solving these and so many other pressing problems will require us to work past the differences of party. It will require us to tap into the American spirit that has overcome every challenge throughout our long and storied history. But to accomplish our goals at home and abroad, we must restart the engine of the American economy -- making it easier for companies to do business in the United States, and much, much harder for companies to leave our country. (Applause.)
Right now, American companies are taxed at one of the highest rates anywhere in the world. My economic team is developing historic tax reform that will reduce the tax rate on our companies so they can compete and thrive anywhere and with anyone. (Applause.) It will be a big, big cut.
At the same time, we will provide massive tax relief for the middle class. We must create a level playing field for American companies and our workers. We have to do it. (Applause.) Currently, when we ship products out of America, many other countries make us pay very high tariffs and taxes. But when foreign companies ship their products into America, we charge them nothing, or almost nothing.
I just met with officials and workers from a great American company, Harley-Davidson. In fact, they proudly displayed five of their magnificent motorcycles, made in the USA, on the front lawn of the White House. ((Laughter and applause.) And they wanted me to ride one and I said, "No, thank you." (Laughter.)
At our meeting, I asked them, how are you doing, how is business? They said that it's good. I asked them further, how are you doing with other countries, mainly international sales? They told me -- without even complaining, because they have been so mistreated for so long that they've become used to it -- that it's very hard to do business with other countries because they tax our goods at such a high rate. They said that in the case of another country, they taxed their motorcycles at 100 percent. They weren't even asking for a change. But I am. (Applause.)
I believe strongly in free trade but it also has to be fair trade. It's been a long time since we had fair trade. The first Republican President, Abraham Lincoln, warned that the "abandonment of the protective policy by the American government… will produce want and ruin among our people." Lincoln was right -- and it's time we heeded his advice and his words. (Applause.) I am not going to let America and its great companies and workers be taken advantage of us any longer. They have taken advantage of our country. No longer. (Applause.)
I am going to bring back millions of jobs. Protecting our workers also means reforming our system of legal immigration. (Applause.) The current, outdated system depresses wages for our poorest workers, and puts great pressure on taxpayers. Nations around the world, like Canada, Australia and many others, have a merit-based immigration system. (Applause.) It's a basic principle that those seeking to enter a country ought to be able to support themselves financially. Yet, in America, we do not enforce this rule, straining the very public resources that our poorest citizens rely upon. According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs American taxpayers many billions of dollars a year.
Switching away from this current system of lower-skilled immigration, and instead adopting a merit-based system, we will have so many more benefits. It will save countless dollars, raise workers' wages, and help struggling families -- including immigrant families -- enter the middle class. And they will do it quickly, and they will be very, very happy, indeed. (Applause.)
I believe that real and positive immigration reform is possible, as long as we focus on the following goals: To improve jobs and wages for Americans; to strengthen our nation's security; and to restore respect for our laws. If we are guided by the wellbeing of American citizens, then I believe Republicans and Democrats can work together to achieve an outcome that has eluded our country for decades. (Applause.)
Another Republican President, Dwight D. Eisenhower, initiated the last truly great national infrastructure program -- the building of the Interstate Highway System. The time has come for a new program of national rebuilding. (Applause.)America has spent approximately $6 trillion in the Middle East -- all the while our infrastructure at home is crumbling. With this $6 trillion, we could have rebuilt our country twice, and maybe even three times if we had people who had the ability to negotiate. (Applause.)
To launch our national rebuilding, I will be asking Congress to approve legislation that produces a $1 trillion investment in infrastructure of the United States -- financed through both public and private capital -- creating millions of new jobs. (Applause.) This effort will be guided by two core principles: buy American and hire American. (Applause.)
Tonight, I am also calling on this Congress to repeal and replace Obamacare -- (applause) -- with reforms that expand choice, increase access, lower costs, and, at the same time, provide better healthcare. (Applause.)
Mandating every American to buy government-approved health insurance was never the right solution for our country. (Applause.) The way to make health insurance available to everyone is to lower the cost of health insurance, and that is what we are going do. (Applause.)
Obamacare premiums nationwide have increased by double and triple digits. As an example, Arizona went up 116 percent last year alone. Governor Matt Bevin of Kentucky just said Obamacare is failing in his state -- the state of Kentucky -- and it's unsustainable and collapsing.
One-third of counties have only one insurer, and they are losing them fast. They are losing them so fast. They are leaving, and many Americans have no choice at all. There’s no choice left. Remember when you were told that you could keep your doctor and keep your plan? We now know that all of those promises have been totally broken. Obamacare is collapsing, and we must act decisively to protect all Americans. (Applause.)
Action is not a choice, it is a necessity. So I am calling on all Democrats and Republicans in Congress to work with us to save Americans from this imploding Obamacare disaster. (Applause.)
Here are the principles that should guide the Congress as we move to create a better healthcare system for all Americans:
First, we should ensure that Americans with preexisting conditions have access to coverage, and that we have a stable transition for Americans currently enrolled in the healthcare exchanges. (Applause.)
Secondly, we should help Americans purchase their own coverage through the use of tax credits and expanded Health Savings Accounts -- but it must be the plan they want, not the plan forced on them by our government. (Applause.)
Thirdly, we should give our great state governors the resources and flexibility they need with Medicaid to make sure no one is left out. (Applause.)
Fourth, we should implement legal reforms that protect patients and doctors from unnecessary costs that drive up the price of insurance, and work to bring down the artificially high price of drugs, and bring them down immediately. (Applause.)
And finally, the time has come to give Americans the freedom to purchase health insurance across state lines -- (applause) -- which will create a truly competitive national marketplace that will bring costs way down and provide far better care. So important.
Everything that is broken in our country can be fixed. Every problem can be solved. And every hurting family can find healing and hope.
Our citizens deserve this, and so much more -- so why not join forces and finally get the job done, and get it done right? (Applause.) On this and so many other things, Democrats and Republicans should get together and unite for the good of our country and for the good of the American people. (Applause.)
My administration wants to work with members of both parties to make childcare accessible and affordable, to help ensure new parents that they have paid family leave -- (applause) -- to invest in women's health, and to promote clean air and clean water, and to rebuild our military and our infrastructure. (Applause.)
True love for our people requires us to find common ground, to advance the common good, and to cooperate on behalf of every American child who deserves a much brighter future.
An incredible young woman is with us this evening, who should serve as an inspiration to us all. Today is Rare Disease Day, and joining us in the gallery is a rare disease survivor, Megan Crowley. (Applause.)
Megan was diagnosed with Pompe disease, a rare and serious illness, when she was 15 months old. She was not expected to live past five. On receiving this news, Megan's dad, John, fought with everything he had to save the life of his precious child. He founded a company to look for a cure, and helped develop the drug that saved Megan's life. Today she is 20 years old and a sophomore at Notre Dame. (Applause.)
Megan's story is about the unbounded power of a father's love for a daughter. But our slow and burdensome approval process at the Food and Drug Administration keeps too many advances, like the one that saved Megan's life, from reaching those in need. If we slash the restraints, not just at the FDA but across our government, then we will be blessed with far more miracles just like Megan. (Applause.) In fact, our children will grow up in a nation of miracles.
But to achieve this future, we must enrich the mind and the souls of every American child. Education is the civil rights issue of our time. (Applause.) I am calling upon members of both parties to pass an education bill that funds school choice for disadvantaged youth, including millions of African American and Latino children. (Applause.) These families should be free to choose the public, private, charter, magnet, religious, or home school that is right for them. (Applause.)
Joining us tonight in the gallery is a remarkable woman, Denisha Merriweather. As a young girl, Denisha struggled in school and failed third grade twice. But then she was able to enroll in a private center for learning -- a great learning center -- with the help of a tax credit and a scholarship program.
Today, she is the first in her family to graduate, not just from high school, but from college. Later this year she will get her master’s degree in social work. We want all children to be able to break the cycle of poverty just like Denisha. (Applause.)
But to break the cycle of poverty, we must also break the cycle of violence. The murder rate in 2015 experienced its largest single-year increase in nearly half a century. In Chicago, more than 4,000 people were shot last year alone, and the murder rate so far this year has been even higher. This is not acceptable in our society. (Applause.)
Every American child should be able to grow up in a safe community, to attend a great school, and to have access to a high-paying job. (Applause.) But to create this future, we must work with, not against -- not against -- the men and women of law enforcement. (Applause.) We must build bridges of cooperation and trust -- not drive the wedge of disunity and, really, it's what it is, division. It's pure, unadulterated division. We have to unify.
Police and sheriffs are members of our community. They're friends and neighbors, they're mothers and fathers, sons and daughters -- and they leave behind loved ones every day who worry about whether or not they'll come home safe and sound. We must support the incredible men and women of law enforcement. (Applause.)
And we must support the victims of crime. I have ordered the Department of Homeland Security to create an office to serve American victims. The office is called VOICE -- Victims of Immigration Crime Engagement. We are providing a voice to those who have been ignored by our media and silenced by special interests. (Applause.) Joining us in the audience tonight are four very brave Americans whose government failed them. Their names are Jamiel Shaw, Susan Oliver, Jenna Oliver, and Jessica Davis.
Jamiel's 17-year-old son was viciously murdered by an illegal immigrant gang member who had just been released from prison. Jamiel Shaw, Jr. was an incredible young man, with unlimited potential who was getting ready to go to college where he would have excelled as a great college quarterback. But he never got the chance. His father, who is in the audience tonight, has become a very good friend of mine. Jamiel, thank you. Thank you. (Applause.)
Also with us are Susan Oliver and Jessica Davis. Their husbands, Deputy Sheriff Danny Oliver and Detective Michael Davis, were slain in the line of duty in California. They were pillars of their community. These brave men were viciously gunned down by an illegal immigrant with a criminal record and two prior deportations. Should have never been in our country.
Sitting with Susan is her daughter, Jenna. Jenna, I want you to know that your father was a hero, and that tonight you have the love of an entire country supporting you and praying for you. (Applause.)
To Jamiel, Jenna, Susan and Jessica, I want you to know that we will never stop fighting for justice. Your loved ones will never, ever be forgotten. We will always honor their memory. (Applause.)
Finally, to keep America safe, we must provide the men and women of the United States military with the tools they need to prevent war -- if they must -- they have to fight and they only have to win. (Applause.)
I am sending Congress a budget that rebuilds the military, eliminates the defense sequester -- (applause) -- and calls for one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history. My budget will also increase funding for our veterans. Our veterans have delivered for this nation, and now we must deliver for them. (Applause.)
The challenges we face as a nation are great, but our people are even greater. And none are greater or braver than those who fight for America in uniform. (Applause.)
We are blessed to be joined tonight by Carryn Owens, the widow of a U.S. Navy Special Operator, Senior Chief William "Ryan" Owens. Ryan died as he lived: a warrior and a hero, battling against terrorism and securing our nation. (Applause.) I just spoke to our great General Mattis, just now, who reconfirmed that -- and I quote -- "Ryan was a part of a highly successful raid that generated large amounts of vital intelligence that will lead to many more victories in the future against our enemies." Ryan's legacy is etched into eternity. Thank you. (Applause.) And Ryan is looking down, right now -- you know that -- and he is very happy because I think he just broke a record. (Laughter and applause.)
For as the Bible teaches us, "There is no greater act of love than to lay down one's life for one's friends." Ryan laid down his life for his friends, for his country, and for our freedom. And we will never forget Ryan. (Applause.)
To those allies who wonder what kind of a friend America will be, look no further than the heroes who wear our uniform. Our foreign policy calls for a direct, robust and meaningful engagement with the world. It is American leadership based on vital security interests that we share with our allies all across the globe.
We strongly support NATO, an alliance forged through the bonds of two world wars that dethroned fascism, and a Cold War, and defeated communism. (Applause.)
But our partners must meet their financial obligations. And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that. In fact, I can tell you, the money is pouring in. Very nice. (Applause.) We expect our partners -- whether in NATO, the Middle East, or in the Pacific -- to take a direct and meaningful role in both strategic and military operations, and pay their fair share of the cost. Have to do that.
We will respect historic institutions, but we will respect the foreign rights of all nations, and they have to respect our rights as a nation also. (Applause.) Free nations are the best vehicle for expressing the will of the people, and America respects the right of all nations to chart their own path. My job is not to represent the world. My job is to represent the United States of America. (Applause.)
But we know that America is better off when there is less conflict, not more. We must learn from the mistakes of the past. We have seen the war and the destruction that have ravaged and raged throughout the world -- all across the world. The only long-term solution for these humanitarian disasters, in many cases, is to create the conditions where displaced persons can safely return home and begin the long, long process of rebuilding. (Applause.)
America is willing to find new friends, and to forge new partnerships, where shared interests align. We want harmony and stability, not war and conflict. We want peace, wherever peace can be found.
America is friends today with former enemies. Some of our closest allies, decades ago, fought on the opposite side of these terrible, terrible wars. This history should give us all faith in the possibilities for a better world. Hopefully, the 250th year for America will see a world that is more peaceful, more just, and more free.
On our 100th anniversary, in 1876, citizens from across our nation came to Philadelphia to celebrate America's centennial. At that celebration, the country's builders and artists and inventors showed off their wonderful creations. Alexander Graham Bell displayed his telephone for the first time. Remington unveiled the first typewriter. An early attempt was made at electric light. Thomas Edison showed an automatic telegraph and an electric pen. Imagine the wonders our country could know in America's 250th year. (Applause.)
Think of the marvels we can achieve if we simply set free the dreams of our people. Cures to the illnesses that have always plagued us are not too much to hope. American footprints on distant worlds are not too big a dream. Millions lifted from welfare to work is not too much to expect. And streets where mothers are safe from fear, schools where children learn in peace, and jobs where Americans prosper and grow are not too much to ask. (Applause.)
When we have all of this, we will have made America greater than ever before -- for all Americans. This is our vision. This is our mission. But we can only get there together. We are one people, with one destiny. We all bleed the same blood. We all salute the same great American flag. And we all are made by the same God. (Applause.)
When we fulfill this vision, when we celebrate our 250 years of glorious freedom, we will look back on tonight as when this new chapter of American Greatness began. The time for small thinking is over. The time for trivial fights is behind us. We just need the courage to share the dreams that fill our hearts, the bravery to express the hopes that stir our souls, and the confidence to turn those hopes and those dreams into action.
From now on, America will be empowered by our aspirations, not burdened by our fears; inspired by the future, not bound by the failures of the past; and guided by our vision, not blinded by our doubts.
I am asking all citizens to embrace this renewal of the American spirit. I am asking all members of Congress to join me in dreaming big, and bold, and daring things for our country. I am asking everyone watching tonight to seize this moment. Believe in yourselves, believe in your future, and believe, once more, in America.
Thank you, God bless you, and God bless the United States. (Applause.)
END
10:09 P.M. EST2:38 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: So this is Historically Black Colleges and Universities executive order. Very important to all of us. This group has been fantastic, and many of which we were with yesterday and really developed something very special. So thank you. Thank you all for being here. Thank you, Mr. Vice President, also -- Mike, for being here.
This is a very important moment, and a moment that means a great deal to me. This month has been a wonderful opportunity to celebrate African-American history, and to begin working together to create a better future for African-Americans and universities and colleges, and everything that is African-American. Today, we're taking action to help make that future happen and that future better.
Historically Black Colleges and Universities are incredibly important institutions, woven into the fabric of our history just about like no other. Church is very important, right? Colleges and universities. Mike is my defender. (Laughter.) Education has the power to uplift. It has the power to transform. And, perhaps most important, education has the power to create greater equality and justice in our lives.
That’s why today I'm thrilled to be signing an executive order to recognize the importance of Historically Black Colleges and Universities. Very important. They have played such an important role in achieving progress for African-Americans and in our nation’s march for justice. HBCUs have been really pillars of the African-American community for more than 150 years -- amazing job -- and a grand and enduring symbol of America at its absolute best. And I congratulate you all.
With this executive order, we will make HBCUs a priority in the White House -- an absolute priority. (Applause.) A lot of people are going to be angry that they're not a priority, but that's okay. (Laughter.) And we will pledge our support to you, your mission, and to our shared mission of bringing education and opportunity to all of our people.
And so I just want to congratulate -- these are very, very special people surrounding me. You've done an amazing job. It's not easy. Nothing is easy. But you've done an amazing job. And I just want to congratulate you all, and I want to thank you on behalf of our country.
And so I'm going to sign this. This is really fantastic. (Applause.)
END
2:41 P.M. EST2:23 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you, everybody. We appreciate you being here. Thank you very much. First of all, I want to congratulate Scott Pruitt, who's here someplace. Where's Scott? (Applause.) So important. We're going to free up our country, and it's going be done in a very environmental and positive environmental way, I will tell you that, but create millions of jobs. So many jobs are delayed for so many years, and it's unfair to everybody. So I want congratulate Scott.
I want to thank everyone for being here today. We have a great group of farmers, homebuilders, and county commissioners. They're all represented. They're standing alongside of me. I’d also like to thank Jim Inhofe, who's been so terrific in so many different ways, beyond even this. So I want thank Jim and also the leadership in the Senate on the issue, a friend of mine -- a great friend of mine -- John Barrasso.
The EPA’s so-called “Waters of the United States” rule is one of the worst examples of federal regulation, and it has truly run amok, and is one of the rules most strongly opposed by farmers, ranchers and agricultural workers all across our land. It's prohibiting them from being allowed to do what they're supposed to be doing. It's been a disaster.
The Clean Water Act says that the EPA can regulate “navigable waters” -- meaning waters that truly affect interstate commerce. But a few years ago, the EPA decided that “navigable waters” can mean nearly every puddle or every ditch on a farmer's land, or anyplace else that they decide -- right? It was a massive power grab. The EPA’s regulators were putting people out of jobs by the hundreds of thousands, and regulations and permits started treating our wonderful small farmers and small businesses as if they were a major industrial polluter. They treated them horribly. Horribly.
If you want to build a new home, for example, you have to worry about getting hit with a huge fine if you fill in as much as a puddle -- just a puddle -- on your lot. I've seen it. In fact, when it was first shown to me, I said, no, you're kidding aren’t you? But they weren’t kidding.
In one case in a Wyoming, a rancher was fined $37,000 a day by the EPA for digging a small watering hole for his cattle. His land. These abuses were, and are, why such incredible opposition to this rule from the hundreds of organizations took place in all 50 states. It's a horrible, horrible rule. Has sort of a nice name, but everything else is bad. (Laughter.) I've been hearing about it for years and years. I didn’t know I'd necessarily be in this position to do something about it, but we've been hearing about it for years.
With today’s executive order, I’m directing the EPA to take action, paving the way for the elimination of this very destructive and horrible rule.
So I want to thank everybody for being here. And I will sign wherever I'm supposed to sign. There we are. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
END
2:27 P.M. EST2:11 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you all very much. I appreciate you being here. We have a number of bills that we're signing and things that we're doing today. It's a busy day. And then I guess tonight will be a rather busy night. We look forward to it.
I want to thank Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, who has been a tremendous friend to a lot of people. He's done an amazing job. And, Kevin, I want to thank you for being here. I very much appreciate it. You had so much to do with this.
I also want to thank everyone else who's with us today. In fact, I have some names, and I'll read some of them off, because not everybody knows everybody. But we have Leader McCarthy. Representative Barbara Comstock. Lamar Smith -- thank you, Lamar, very much. I appreciate it. Joni Ernst, who's been a terrific, terrific senator. A very talented woman, and a very good military person. A very good military person. And, Deb Fischer, thank you very much. Thanks. We also have Senator Barrasso and Senator Boozman. Joni, we said hello. Deb, we said hello. Heidi Heitkamp -- thank you, Heidi. Senator Jim Inhofe. Senator Pat Roberts. Senator Dan Sullivan. Representative Bob Gibbs. Bill Shuster. And Representative Lamar Smith. We really appreciate you being here.
Of course, we have our new SBA Director, Linda McMahon, and Secretary DeVos. (Applause.) So we have a lot of great talent.
Today I'm signing two bills that promote women entering and leading the STEM fields -- science, technology, engineering, and math. Currently, only 1 in every 4 women who gets a STEM degree is working in a STEM job, which is not fair and it's not even smart for the people that aren’t taking advantage of it. It's unacceptable that we have so many American women who have these degrees but yet are not being employed in these fields. So I think that's going to change. That's going to change very rapidly.
Protecting women with STEM degrees, and all Americans with STEM degrees is very important, but it also means you have to crack down on offshoring, because the offshoring is a tremendous problem that displaces many of our best American workers and brains -- the brain power.
So I just want to thank you all for being here. Vice President Pence always felt very, very strongly about this issue and many others. And I appreciate -- Mike, I appreciate that very much.
And I'm going to sign this right now, and I want congratulate everybody in the room. And we have to sign it today. I know we have a lot of things coming on later on, but if we don’t sign this one and the next one today, we have to start the process all over again, Joni, right? (Laughter.) So that's why we're here.
Okay, thank you very much. (Applause.)
Q Big speech tonight?
THE PRESIDENT: We look forward to it.
Okay, I think we all know what this is. Even though somebody took my notes, it makes no difference. (Laughter.)
AIDE: It's the second bill you just read.
THE PRESIDENT: It really makes no difference. But this is the second bill that was signed, and that's the H.R. 321, the INSPIRE Women Act. It ensures that the existing NASA programs recruit women to STEM-related jobs and aerospace careers. Great news. Really the way to go. Very heavy into the whole NASA situation. So women will be a big, big part of it.
H.R. 255, the Promoting Women in Entrepreneurship Act, enables the National Science Foundation to support women inventors -- which there are many -- researchers, and scientists in bringing their discoveries to the business world, championing science and entrepreneurship, and creating new ways to improve people’s lives. So important.
We need policies that help support women in the workforce, and that's really very much going to be addressed by my administration over the years, and to get more and more of these bills coming out, and address the barriers faced by female and those in STEM fields. We want American women who graduate from college with STEM degrees to be able to get STEM jobs that can support their families and help these American women to live out the American Dream, which they are so qualified to live out.
So again, I want to thank you all for being here. Fantastic. This is so important. Thank you all for being here.
END
2:17 P.M. EST9:45 A.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. (Applause.) That is pretty good, I'll tell you. Coming from governors, I can't really -- I can't even believe it. That's so impressive. And I very much appreciate you being here. And thank you to Vice President Pence. He has been so wonderful to work with. He's a real talent, a real guy. And he is central casting, do we agree? Central casting. He's been great. (Applause.)
Good morning, everybody, and welcome back to the White House. The First Lady and I were very, very happy last night to host you. We saw some real talent, military talent, musicians who were fantastic. And everybody enjoyed it. (Applause.)
I’m very proud to have so many former governors in my Cabinet. Vice President Pence, as you know, big governor from a very great state -- I state I like very much -- Indiana. Nikki Haley at the U.N. -- is Nikki here someplace? I think so -- yes. We have Rick Perry -- is going before. We're trying to get people approved, we can't get them out. But Rick is going to do a fantastic job. Sonny Purdue will be joining the Cabinet very soon. Terry Branstad will be our ambassador to China. And an interesting story on Terry -- every time I spoke in Iowa, he'd say, please don’t say anything bad about China. (Laughter.) I said, what do you mean? What do you mean? He said, I like China and we do a lot of business with China. "And really, just don’t" -- and I said, "hmm." So when it came down to picking an ambassador, I called him up, I said, you like China. And I can tell you, China is very, very happy with our choice. So we made everybody happy. (Applause.) Right? These governors -- thank you. And thank you, Terry.
These governors have been bold reformers, and their success shows why we need to make states the laboratories of democracy once again. Many of you have shared past frustrations with waiting for permission from the federal government and agencies -- and I understand that, and I've had many people tell me about it, and it's been catastrophic for some of your states. You know your citizens and you know they want things done. But they don’t get things done and it's not your fault. Sometimes it's your fault, but they understand that. But sometimes it's not your fault. We're going to speed it up.
Because that's not how a partnership is supposed to work. The government should not stand in your way in delivering needed reforms and services -- and it won't. We're going to move very, very quickly, environmentally, with Scott and so many others that are involved in the process of regulation. We are going to be cutting -- we're going to be doing the right thing. We're going to be protecting people environmentally and safety-wise, but we're going to be moving it quickly, very quickly. (Applause.)
And speaking of that, I know many of you -- and I've spoken to some of you last night about it -- have many projects that are -- I mean, just literally tied up because of environmental concerns, and it's been in for years and years and years the project your state wants, great for employment -- everybody wants them -- and they couldn’t get them out of environmental protection. And we will get them out. Now, that doesn’t mean they’re going to be approved, but they'll be rejected quickly one way or the other. They'll be either rejected quickly or they're going to get approved. I would say most will be approved, but you're going to know you're not going to wait nine years or eleven years -- some of the horror stories that I've heard.
Under my administration, we're going to have a true partnership of collaboration and cooperation. We will get to the answers and we will get them quickly, and the flexibility you need to implement the reforms that you are going to have in order to make decision-making proper and decision-making fast. So we're going to do both those things -- proper and fast.
One of the most important responsibilities for the federal government is the budget of the United States. My first budget will be submitted to the Congress next month. This budget will be a public safety and national security budget, very much based on those two with plenty of other things, but very strong. And it will include a historic increase in defense spending to rebuild the depleted military of the United States of America at a time we most need it. (Applause.)
And you'll be hearing about that tomorrow night in great detail. This is a landmark event, a message to the world, in these dangerous times, of American strength, security and resolve. We must ensure that our courageous servicemen and women have the tools they need to deter war, and when called upon to fight in our name only do one thing: Win. We have to win. We have to start winning wars again.
I have to say, when I was young, in high school and college, everybody used to say "we haven’t lost a war" -- we never lost a war -- you remember. Some of you were right there with me, and you remember we never lost a war. America never lost. And now we never win a war. We never win. And we don’t fight to win. We don’t fight to win. So we either got to win, or don’t fight it at all. But where we are -- 17 years -- almost 17 years of fighting in the Middle East. I saw a chart the other day -- as of about a month ago, $6 trillion we've spent in the Middle East -- $6 trillion. And I want to tell you, that's just unacceptable. And we're nowhere. Actually, if you think about it, we're less than nowhere. The Middle East is far worse than it was 16, 17 years ago. There's not even a contest. So we've spent $6 trillion. We have a hornet's nest. It's a mess like you've never seen before. We're nowhere. So we're going to straighten it out.
This defense spending increase will be offset and paid for by finding greater savings and efficiencies across the federal government. We’re going to do more with less. I got involved in an airplane contract, I got involved in some other contracts, and we cut the hell out of the prices. I mean, we saved a lot of money, tremendous amount of money, beyond anything that the generals that were involved -- they said they’d never seen anything like this before.
On one plane, on a small order of one plane, I saved $725 million. And I would say I devoted about, if I added it up, all those calls, probably about an hour. So I think that might be my highest and best use. (Laughter.) Because if we can do that, our budget will be -- might be my highest and best. (Applause.)
And there are many other places; it’s all the same. And in one way, that's a good thing because we have an answer. And David is going to do a fantastic job at the VA. I see David is sitting there, shaking his head. Stand up, David. (Applause.) So we can't get our people through Cabinet, but he went through -- was it 95 to nothing?
SECRETARY SHULKIN: A hundred to zero.
THE PRESIDENT: How the hell did you do that? (Laughter.) Boy, oh boy. He must be good. You were the one. One hundred to zero, wow. Chose you -- hey, we can do it. But we do -- we have still quite a few Cabinet members, and they're just in limbo waiting and waiting. It’s like obstruction. It’s obstruction. But eventually we'll get them, and they'll put their people in, and we’ll get those agencies, et cetera, to work.
We’re going to do more with less and make the government lean and accountable to the people. We can do so much more with the money we spend. With $20 trillion in debt -- can you imagine that -- the government must learn to tighten its belt, something families all across the country have had to learn to do, unfortunately. But they've had to learn to do it, and they’ve done it well.
My budget increases spending, and the increase in all spending, for federal law enforcement also. And activities having to do with law enforcement will be substantially increased. And we will fight violent crime. If you look at what’s happening in our cities, you look at what’s happening in Chicago, what’s going on in Chicago -- we will fight violent crime, and we will win. And we’ll win that one fairly quickly. Once we give the local police, the local law enforcement the right to go in and fight it, and we back them monetarily and also otherwise, we’re going to win that one. We're going to win it fairly quickly, I believe.
My budget also puts America first by keeping tax dollars in America to help veterans and first responders. So important. This budget follows through on my promise to focus on keeping Americans safe, keeping out terrorists, keeping out criminals, and putting violent offenders behind bars, or removing them from our country altogether. And I must say that we’ve been treated very well -- very, very well -- on the job that General Kelly has done at the border. It’s tough, it’s strong.
I was talking last night to Terry McAuliffe, and he said, you have to mention this -- because he met with -- where is Terry? He’s around here someplace. Terry -- he met with General Kelly, and I think I can say you were impressed with General Kelly. And he said, you have to get the point out that they’re removing the bad ones. And that’s where our focus is -- it’s the bad ones. We’re getting some very, very bad players out of this country -- drug lords, gang members, heads of gangs, killers, murderers -- we’re getting them out. That’s what we’re focused on.
The press isn’t covering that, unfortunately, but it’s something that is very important. We’re getting the bad ones out. And that’s always where I said I was going to start. I was going to start with these bad players. And they are bad. They are rough and tough, and we’re getting them the hell out of our country, and we’re bringing them to where they started out. Let their country do what they have to do with them.
So the budget, which is going to be a very big part of tomorrow night’s speech, it’s going to be I think a budget of great rationality. But it’s going to have to do with military, safety, economic development, and things such as that. Great detail tomorrow night.
We’re also going to do whatever we can to restore the authority of the states when that is the appropriate thing to do. We’re going to give you back a lot of the powers that have been taken away from states and great people and great governors. And you can control it better than the federal government because you’re right on top of it. You have something that’s controllable. So I think that’s going to be very important. You see that already taking effect.
We have to let the states compete and to see who has the best solutions. They know the best how to spend their dollars and how to take care of the people within each state. And the states are different, and people are different. So the governors are going to have a lot more decision-making ability than they have right now.
All states will benefit from our economic agenda. We will reduce taxes very, very substantially, and simplify the tax code. We’re also going to make taxes between countries much more fair. We’re one of the only countries in the world that people can sell their product into us and have no tax, no nothing, and they get rich. And yet if you want to do business with them, you’ll have taxes, I’ve seen, as high as 100 percent. So they sell into us, no problem; we sell into them -- because we don’t sell them because the tax is so high that they don’t want us to sell into them.
So I know that’s always been a point of contention, but to me it’s just fair. It’s just fair. It’s reciprocal. It’s fair. And so we’re going to be doing a lot of work on that, and that’s becoming a very, very important factor -- fairness. Because I believe in free trade. I want so much trade -- somebody said, oh, maybe he’s a total nationalist -- which I am, in a true sense -- but I want trade. I want great trade between countries.
But the word “free” is very deceiving, because it’s good for them, it’s not good for us. I want fair trade. And if we’re going to be taxed, they should be taxed at the same amount, the other countries. And one of two things is going to happen: We’re going to make a lot of money or the other country is going to get rid of its tax. And that’s good, too, because now the product, like Harley-Davidson -- I was talking to them -- the product will now flow into other countries where right now they can’t do it.
So we’re going to make it easier for states to invest in infrastructure, and I'm going to have a big statement tomorrow night on infrastructure. We spent $6 trillion in the Middle East, and we have potholes all over our highways and our roads. I have a friend who is in the trucking business. He said, my trucks are destroyed going from New York to Los Angeles. They’re destroyed. He said, I’m not going to get the good trucks. He always prided himself on buying the best equipment. He said, the roads are so bad that, by the time we make the journey from New York to Los Angeles or back, he said the equipment is just beat to hell. I said, when has it been like that before? He said, it’s never -- he’s been in the business for 40 years -- he said it’s never been like that. Forty years -- never been like that. So we’re going to take care of that.
Infrastructure -- we’re going to start spending on infrastructure big. And it's not like we have a choice. It’s not like, oh, gee, let’s hold it off. Our highways, our bridges are unsafe. Our tunnels -- I mean, we have tunnels in New York where the tiles are on the ceiling, and you see many tiles missing. And you wonder, you know, you’re driving at 40 miles an hour, 50 miles an hour through a tunnel. Take a look at the Lincoln Tunnel and the Queens-Midtown Tunnel, and you’re driving, and you see all this loose material that’s heavy. And it was made many years ago, so it’s heavy. Today, it’s light. It used to be better. The problem is, you got to hold it up. And I say to myself -- every time I drive through, I say, I wonder how many people are hurt or injured when they are driving at 40, 50 miles an hour through a tunnel, and the tile falls off. And there are so many missing tiles and such loose concrete. So we have to fix our infrastructure. It’s not like we have a choice. We have no choice, and we’re going to do it, and it also happens to mean jobs, which is a good thing.
We’re going to repeal and replace Obamacare, and get states the flexibility that they need to make the end result really, really good for them. A very complicated issue. We have Tom Price, just got confirmed -- sitting here. (Applause.) Stand up, Tom. And I spent a lot of time with Governor Walker and Governor Rick Scott the other day -- we were talking about it. They’re really very expert on the subject, and I want to thank them. They spent a lot of time with me. Governor Christie who's here someplace. Where's Chris? Governor Christie, thank you. And so we have a lot of talent and a lot of expertise here, I will tell you. And we have come up with a solution that’s really, really, I think, very good.
Now, I have to tell you, it’s an unbelievably complex subject. Nobody knew that healthcare could be so complicated. And statutorily and for budget purposes, as you know, we have to do healthcare before we do the tax cut. The tax cut is going to be major, it’s going to be simple, and the whole tax plan is wonderful. But I can’t do it until we do healthcare because we have to know what the healthcare is going to cost. And, statutorily, that’s the way it is. So for those people that say, oh, gee, I wish we could do the tax first -- it just doesn’t work that way. I would like to do that first. It’s actually -- tax cutting has never been that easy, but it’s a tiny, little ant compared to what we’re talking about with Obamacare.
And you have to remember -- and I say this to Democrats in the room -- of which we have many -- Obamacare has failed. If you go to Minnesota, where they had a 66-percent increase, and the governor of Minnesota, who is with us today, said, Obamacare -- the Affordable Care Act -- is no longer affordable -- something to that effect. I think that might be it exactly. But the Affordable Care Act is no longer affordable. Obamacare has failed.
I say to the Republicans, if you really want to do politically something good, don’t do anything. Sit back for a period of two years, because ’17 is going to be a disaster -- a disaster -- for Obamacare if we don’t do something. Let it be a disaster because we can blame that on the Dems that are in our room, and we can blame that on the Democrats and President Obama. Let it implode, and then let it implode in ’18 even worse. Don’t do anything, and they will come begging for us to do something. But that’s not the fair thing to do for the people. It’s not the fair thing.
Politically, I think it would be a great solution, because as soon as we touch it, if we do the most minute thing -- just a tiny, little change -- what’s going to happen? They’re going to say, it’s the Republicans’ problem. That’s the way it is. But we have to do what’s right because Obamacare is a failed disaster.
And it’s interesting, it’s sort of like, when you see -- you see it with politicians, you see it with President Obama -- when you know he's getting out of office and the clock is ticking, and he's not going to be there, his approval rating goes way up, even though, you know, not that active in the last period of time. The approval rating goes up. That’s not him; that's like almost everybody. I see it happening with Obamacare. People hate it, but now they see that the end is coming, and they're saying, oh, maybe we love it. There’s nothing to love. It’s a disaster, folks, okay? So you have to remember that.
And, very importantly, we are going to work to restore local control to our nation’s education system. Betsy is here someplace, and she is going to be, I think, fantastic. (Applause.) I think she's going to be fantastic. Stand up, Betsy. Betsy feels so strongly, and she has had such support from so many people. You know, you don’t see that too much because you see the anti, you never see the positive. But I can tell you, I’ve had so many calls while she was going through that horrible process. That was a tough, tough, nasty process. And she hung in, she was as strong as you get. But so many people were calling Betsy, saying you will do such a fantastic job once you get it.
It’s like sometimes I'd say, it’s much tougher to get into Harvard than it is to stay there. Does that make sense? It’s tougher to get into the Wharton School of Finance -- you can’t get in. But if you get in, it’s fine, you get through, right? I think you’re going to do a fantastic job, and we’re very proud of you. And you took a lot of heat, but you’re going to do great. So she wants to bring decision-making powers back to parents, back to the families and back to the states, where they can really control education.
And just finally, I’m looking forward to working with you on these projects and so much more. We’re going to do these projects and so many more. And I thank you all again for being here. It’s going to be a really productive discussion -- so productive that I’m going to ask the press to start leaving because I wouldn’t want them to see any great, productive session. (Laughter.) But they'll be seeing it and hearing about it.
Again, thank you very much all for being at the White House. We’ll do this many times. I want the opinions of the governors of the states of the United States. So I want to just thank you all for being here, and let’s take some questions, okay? (Applause.) Thank you.
END
10:05 A.M. EST11:03 A.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: You are the big ones. You are the biggest of the big, right? (Laughter.) That’s very impressive. Thank you for being here. We just had a great meeting with the governors on the horrible effects that Obamacare is having. We’re going to change it and straighten it out, and make -- we have a plan that’s going to be, I think, fantastic. It will be released fairly soon. We’ll be talking about it tomorrow night during the speech. But I think it’s going to be something special, and we’ll talk it about right here. I think we’ll get you on, and I think you’re going to like what you hear.
Again, thank you for being here. I want to thank also Secretary Tom Price who’s with us, and who’s doing a phenomenal job on a very complex subject, the subject of healthcare. He’s an advocate for the patients. Tom is all about the patients. That’s what he wants. He wants to have a great healthcare system.
Obamacare has been a disaster, and it’s only getting worse. Last year alone, Obamacare premiums increased by double digits. Since it has gone into effect, premiums are up by almost 100 percent in many areas. And I think that this year it’s going to be really the year that I’ve always predicted -- ’17 is going to be a catastrophic year for Obamacare, for payments. And you just take a look at what’s happening in various states like Arizona -- I believe it was up 116 percent; it’s going to be worse this year.
Obamacare forced providers to limit the plan options they offered to patients and caused them to drive prices way up. Now, a third of United States counties are down to one insurer, and the insurers are fleeing. You people know that better than anybody.
Since Obamacare went into effect, nearly half of the insurers are stopped and have stopped from participating in the Obamacare exchanges. It has gotten so bad that nearly 20 million Americans have chosen to pay the penalty, or received an exemption rather than buy insurance. That’s something that nobody has ever heard of or thought could happen, and they’re actually doing that rather than being forced to buy insurance.
We must work together to save Americans from Obamacare -- you people know that, and everyone knows that at this point -- to create more competition and to bring down the prices substantially. The chaos that Obamacare has created, and for which congressional Democrats -- and you see that -- are alone and responsible for requires swift action. I actually told the Republicans that if we did nothing, just do nothing for a two-year period, let Obamacare totally implode -- which it’s doing right now anyway -- that would be, from a political standpoint, the best thing we could do is to let it implode, and then people will come begging -- the Democrats will come begging to do something to help them out of the jam.
Once we start doing it, we sort of inherit the problem, we take over the problem, it becomes ours. But it’s the right thing to do for the American people. I think allowing this to go on -- this disaster to go on -- is a mistake. So I’m asking Secretary Price to work with you to stabilize the insurance markets and to ensure a smooth transition to the new plan. And the new plan will be a great plan for the patients, for the people, and hopefully for the companies. It's going to be a very competitive plan. And costs will come down, and I think the healthcare will go up very, very substantially. I think people are going to like it a lot.
We’ve taken the best of everything we can take. It’s our hope that Democrats will stop the obstruction and resistance. And that’s what they have -- in fact, they have a sign, "resist, resist." They want to resist everything, including Cabinet members. I have many Cabinet members that haven’t been approved yet, people that are extraordinary -- all of whom are going to be approved, but they just take forever. It’s called obstruct and resist. Hope I didn’t give them a new phrase, because their real phrase is “resist.” I think I just gave them another word. I shouldn’t have done that. I’m good at branding. (Laughter.) You’re going to see them now come out, “obstruct and resist.” All right, well, at least I can take credit for it.
And they worked with us, and we are going to hopefully work with the Democrats, because ultimately we’re all people that love this country and we want to do the right thing, including reforms like expanded healthcare savings accounts, state flexibility, and the ability to purchase across state lines. The state lines are so important for competition. Everybody has wanted to do it for years. What’s not to do? So that’s going to be very important.
I want to thank you all for being here. I want to know and I want you to know that it’s an honor to do business with you. It’s a great honor to have you in the White House. And we look forward to providing healthcare that is that is extraordinary -- better than any other country anywhere in the world. And we can do that. We have the talent, we have the capacity, and we have the people.
So we’ll work on that together. And maybe before the press leaves, you can just introduce yourself and your company, and the public will get to see what you're about. And then if things aren’t working out, I’m blaming you anyway. (Laughter.)
So we’ll start with Brad.
MR. WILSON: Thank you, Mr. President. I appreciate the opportunity to be here. I’m Brad Wilson, president and CEO of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of North Carolina, and pleased to represent our 3.9 million customers here today.
THE PRESIDENT: That's great, Brad. Great job.
MR. BERTOLINI: Mark Bertolini, chairman and CEO of Aetna.
THE PRESIDENT: Aetna -- good one.
PARTICIPANT: And I also represent America’s health insurance plans. We represent all health insurance plans in Washington, D.C., including the plan to cover Medicaid managed care.
THE PRESIDENT: Great.
MR. BROUSSARD: Bruce Broussard, CEO of Humana.
MR. GARRITY: Pat Garrity, I’m the CEO of Florida Blue, the Blue Cross Blue Shield plan in the state of Florida.
THE PRESIDENT: Great.
MR. HEMSLEY: I’m Steve Hemsley from UnitedHealth Group. We're a diversified health care company of about 230,000 employees. We serve about 120 million Americans. And we are contributing in terms of the jobs we've -- 35,000 in the last five years and 10,000 in the coming year. We're a mission-driven enterprise, help people live healthier lives, and make the system work for everyone.
THE PRESIDENT: Good, thank you very much.
MR. CORDANI: Mr. President, David Cordani from Cigna Corporation. We're a global health service company.
MR. SEROTA: Scott Serota, Blue Cross Blue Shield Association. We represent 108 million subscribers.
THE PRESIDENT: 108 million, that's a pretty big deal, right?
MR. SEROTA: Yes, it is.
THE PRESIDENT: Pretty big.
MR. SWEDISH: Good morning, Mr. President. I’m Joe Swedish with Anthem. We're in 14 states, representing 40 percent of the American public. We have 40 million members, and we've been involved in the individual (inaudible) for probably seven decades, and deeply embedded in the Affordable Care Act situation that has evolved over the last three years. I don't want to miss the opportunity to thank you for the swift and decisive action that occurred most recently regarding some adjustments that have occurred in and around --
THE PRESIDENT: We had to step in.
MR. SWEDISH: Thank you very much.
THE PRESIDENT: It was going to be an implosion. We had to step in. Thank you for saying that.
MR. SWEDISH: Thank you, sir. Thank you.
MR. TYSON: I’m Bernard Tyson, chairman and CEO of Kaiser Foundation Health Plan, better known as Kaiser Permanente. We cover 11.7 million Americans. We also are an integrated delivery system, so we both provide the coverage and the care. We have Permanente medical groups that contract exclusively with Kaiser Foundation Health Plan. And we're proud to care for 11.7 million people.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Bernard.
MR. HILFERTY: Mr. President, I’m Dan Hilferty. I’m based in Philadelphia with Independence Blue Cross, Independence Health Group. We're in 32 states and the District of Columbia and a large Medicaid managed care population.
We're the only player on the exchange in the five-county Philadelphia area. And again, I’d like to echo Joe’s point. We were thrilled with the initial steps to stabilize the market. We look forward to working with you, Vice President Pence, Secretary Price in making sure that we have a sustainable program for years to come. So thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much. And the market, as you know, and we talk about stabilizing the market -- the market is disastrous. It’s going to absolutely implode. That's why we're meeting today. And I think we're going to come up with something where not only will the market be great, but the people are going to be taken care of. So we will work that out I think quite easily, actually.
Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody.
END
11:12 A.M. EST7:29 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, everybody. I want to just congratulate the First Lady on having done a really beautiful job. The room, they say, has never looked better, but who knows. I’m sure it’s looked very good many times. So, Melania, congratulations. (Applause.)
I also want to congratulate and thank a truly great Vice President of the United States, and his wonderful wife, Karen. And wherever you are, Mike, stand up just for a second. Mike Pence. (Applause.)
So I can say that after four weeks -- they were a lot of fun -- but we’ve accomplished almost everything we’ve started out to accomplish. The borders are stricter, tighter. We’re going a really good job. General Kelly has does a fantastic job militarily. As you know, we have a fantastic team. We have an A team. And I’m getting some good reports. There are some big problems in the world -- you know that very well -- but we’re very happy with the way things are working. And again, we’ve made a lot of promises over the last two years, and many of those promises already are kept. So we’re very honored by that. And I -- (applause) -- thank you, thank you.
I just want to salute and toast the governors -- the great governors of the United States. They have done an amazing job. Such an easy job you have. (Laughter.) So easy. But you have done a fantastic job, and your families and wives and -- well, everybody is here. I mean, I’ve seen daughters come tonight. I’ve seen wives. I’ve seen -- all I know is, everybody is lovely, and we’re going to have a wonderful evening.
And tomorrow, we’re going to meet, and we’re going to discuss things, like perhaps healthcare will come up. Perhaps. (Laughter.) And I think we’ve made a lot of progress on that. And we’re going to have a speech on Tuesday night, and we’re going to be speaking very specifically about a very complicated subject. Everybody is different, every state is different, and different requirements, but I think we have something that's going to really be excellent.
And as most of you know, the Obamacare has had tremendous problems. I won’t say in front of the Democrats, I’ll just say it to the Republicans -- (laughter) -- it doesn’t work. But we’re going to have it fixed, and we’re going to repeal and replace. And I think you’re going to see something very, very special.
And for all of you, and even tonight, because we have Tom Price with us -- if you see something or want to discuss it, we don’t have to discuss all friendly stuff. We can discuss a little bit of the healthcare. We might as well start. But tomorrow morning, we’re going to meet and have some pretty big sessions on healthcare and other things -- whatever is on your mind.
So I hear this is a record number of governors -- 46. And that’s the highest number that have ever shown up for this evening. (Applause.) So, with that, I would like to toast the great, great governors of the United States. Thank you.
(A toast is offered.)
Now, I know it’s inappropriate, but I’d like to ask a friend of mine -- I’ve just destroyed his political career -- (laughter) -- from the other side, a man from Virginia -- I’ve known him a long time, and he's a very good guy -- Governor Terry McAuliffe to come up and also, perhaps, make a toast. Thank you. Terry, where are you? Come on up, Terry. (Applause.)
GOVERNOR MCAULIFFE: Well, good evening. Let me, first of all, on behalf of our nation’s governors, I want to thank the President and the First Lady. We have found out this is the first big social dinner of the calendar, and I think they did that out of respect to our nation’s governors. So if we give a great round of applause to the President and the First Lady. (Applause.)
Now, Mr. President, as you know, I am chairman of the National Governors Association, so I’m not sure if the 46 -- the largest crowd ever -- is due to my chairmanship or your presidency. (Laughter.) But tonight, in the spirit of bipartisanship, sir, we will both take credit for the greatest NGA meeting in the history of NGA meetings. (Applause.)
I also want to thank the Vice President of the United States and Mrs. Pence. On Friday, for the first time ever, they opened the Vice Presidential Mansion -- the Naval Observatory -- to host the governors for lunch. That had never been done before. So if we could give a great round of applause to the Vice President and Karen Pence. (Applause.)
And let me just say, tomorrow we’re all going to meet, we’re going to discuss the issues tomorrow, but the one thing we all agree on -- all of us governors and this administration, what every governor wants -- we want good jobs. We want a good economy. We want the world-class education system in our respective states. We want a healthcare delivery system that works, with great, quality healthcare, efficiently at a low cost. We want people to get on our roads and our rail, and be able to ride around efficiently, and then go see their kids play a ballgame. That’s what we all want.
And, Mr. President, I thank you for having us here tonight. We have a common goal: We are the greatest nation in the globe. And I want to toast to you, Mr. President, and just say, we want to work with you to build on those ideals that have instilled and brought all of us governors together, that we can respectively grow our states and grow our nation to be truly the great destiny that we are. So I would like to offer a toast to the President of the United States of America.
(A toast is offered.)
END
7:35 P.M. ESTYour browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Transcript:
My fellow Americans,
As Black History Month 2017 comes to a close, I am very grateful for the many wonderful opportunities to honor African American heroes, faith leaders, entrepreneurs and the many others who changed the course of our Nation. We are blessed by the lives and examples of those who have made this Nation a beacon of freedom, talent, and unbreakable American spirit.
This week, I had the privilege of visiting the National Museum of African American History and Culture right here in Washington, D.C. It’s a new, beautiful Smithsonian museum that serves as a shining example of African Americans’ incredible contributions to our culture, our society, and our history. It also tells of the great struggle for freedom and equality that prevailed against the sins of slavery and the injustice of discrimination.
The work and love of the people who helped create such a masterpiece is a testament to the legacy of so many leaders it honors. I left that museum confident that together, America can overcome any challenge.
There’s a great quote by Muhammad Ali in the museum – “I shook up the world,” he said. And that is what he did. So did leaders like Sojourner Truth, Frederick Douglass, Booker T. Washington, Martin Luther King, and so many others. They shook up the world for the better because they inspired our Nation to march toward justice and freedom for all. Today, and every day, I pledge to continue that march so that every American – no matter his background, no matter her background – has the chance to climb that great ladder of success.
It was very special to accompany Dr. Ben Carson and his family for the first time seeing the Carson exhibit. I am proud that soon he will serve in my cabinet as the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. HUD has a very, very powerful meaning far beyond housing. It is about transforming our communities. About bringing back hope. And Ben will do a fantastic job.
That’s what I am committed to doing also. I want every African-American child, family, and worker to have access to great schools, safe communities, and good-paying jobs. I want every disadvantaged child in America to have a choice about where they go to school – so important. I also want to honor and promote the achievements of Historically Black Colleges and Universities throughout our Nation. They do a fantastic job. They are not given the credit that they deserve, and they are going to start getting that credit.
In order to help African Americans thrive, we are working very hard to make sure every child can grow up in a safe community – and have access to high-paying jobs.
We’ve lost a lot of our best jobs to other countries – and this has hurt the African American community very badly. This week I met with manufacturing CEOs – we’re going to be working to bring back those jobs, and I mean really good-paying jobs.
I will be talking more about these issues in my Joint Session Address to Congress and to all Americans next Tuesday evening. I hope you will be watching.
Thank you, God bless you and God bless America.3:06 P.M. EST
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, thank you very much, everybody. It’s a great honor to have President Kuczynski with us from Peru. Peru has been a fantastic neighbor. We’ve had great relationships -- better now than ever before. And I have known him for quite a while through reading about the work that he’s done, and I believe he’s here to get an award at Princeton. An award for what? Explain, please.
PRESIDENT KUCZYNSKI: For being an alumnus who did okay, I guess. (Laughter.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Yeah, did very okay. And your daughter goes to --
PRESIDENT KUCZYNSKI: Alex? Oh, my other daughter, Susie, goes to Princeton.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Right. That’s exactly right.
PRESIDENT KUCZYNSKI: She wants to study medicine.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: And I assume she’s very proud of you getting the big award tomorrow, right?
PRESIDENT KUCZYNSKI: Right. And Alex went to Columbia.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: That’s great. Good students, good children. So a very, very special man, and it’s an honor to have him in Washington, at the White House. And we’re going to talk some business. I understand they’re going to be buying quite a bit of our military -- some of our military vehicles. And they are great vehicles. I just looked at it and we’re approving it. And use them well. Use them well.
And if you’d like to say something, Mr. President, please.
PRESIDENT KUCZYNSKI: Well, I’m happy to be in Washington. I lived here for a while. I lived in New York. We greatly respect the U.S. We have excellent relations. And Latin America needs to grow more, and we’re going to talk about how to do that. Maybe you have a few ideas.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I guess I do. I guess I do. And we have a problem with Venezuela. They’re doing very poorly. And so we’ll be talking about a lot of different things.
And thank you all for being here. Thank you.
END
3:08 P.M. ESTGaylord National Resort & Convention Center
10:23 A.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, everybody. So great to be with you. Thank you. (Applause.)
Great to be back at CPAC. (Applause.) The place I have really --
AUDIENCE MEMBER: We love you!
THE PRESIDENT: I love this place. Love you people. (Applause.) So thank you. Thank you very much.
First of all, I want to thank Matt Schlapp, and his very, very incredible wife and boss, Mercedes, who have been fantastic friends and supporters, and so great. When I watch them on television defending me, nobody has a chance. So, I want to thank Matt and Mercedes.
And when Matt called and asked, I said, absolutely, I'll be there with you. I mean, the real reason I said it -- I didn’t want him to go against me because that one you can’t beat. So I said, absolutely. And it really is an honor to be here.
I wouldn't miss a chance to talk to my friends. These are my friends. (Applause.) And we’ll see you again next year and the year after that, and I’ll be doing this with CPAC whenever I can, and I’ll make sure that we’re here a lot.
You know, if you remember, my first major speech -- sit down, everybody. Come on. (Applause.) You know, the dishonest media, they’ll say he didn’t get a standing ovation. You know why? No, you know why? Because everybody stood and nobody sat, so they will say he never got a standing ovation, right? (Applause.) They are the worst.
AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA! (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: So -- sit down. (Laughter.) Donald Trump did not get a standing ovation. They leave out the part, they never sat down. They leave that out. So I just want to thank -- but you know, my first major speech was at CPAC. And probably five or six years ago -- first major political speech. And you were there.
And it was -- I loved it. I love the people. I love the commotion. And then they did these polls where I went through the roof, and I wasn’t even running, right? But it gave me an idea, and I got a little bit concerned when I saw what was happening in the country, and I said, let’s go do it. So it was very exciting. I walked the stage on CPAC. I’ll never forget it, really. I had very little notes, and even less preparation. So when you have practically no notes and no preparation, and then you leave and everybody was thrilled, I said, I think I like this business.
I would have come last year, but I was worried that I would be, at that time, too controversial. We wanted border security. We wanted very, very strong military. We wanted all of the things that we’re going to get, and people consider that controversial. But you didn’t consider it controversial. (Applause.)
So I’ve been with CPAC for a long time. All of these years, we've been together. And now you finally have a president. Finally. Took you a long time. Took you a long time. (Applause.)
And it’s patriots like you that made it happen, believe me -- believe me. You did it because you love your country, because you want a better future for your children, and because you want to make America great again. (Applause.)
The media didn't think we would win.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: They knew. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: The pundits -- you’re right. They had an idea. The pundits didn't think we would win. The consultants that suck up all that money. Oh, they suck it up, they’re so good. (Laughter.) They’re not good at politics, but they’re really good at sucking up people’s money. Especially my opponent’s, because I kept them down to a minimum.
THE PRESIDENT: But the consultants didn’t think we would win. But they all underestimated the power of the people -- you. And the people proved them totally wrong. Never -- and this is so true, and this is what’s been happening -- never underestimate the people. Never. I don’t think it will ever happen again.
And I want you all to know that we are fighting the fake news. It’s fake -- phony, fake. (Applause.) A few days ago, I called the fake news “the enemy of the people” -- and they are. They are the enemy of the people. Because they have no sources, they just make them up when there are none. I saw one story recently where they said nine people have confirmed. There are no nine people. I don’t believe there was one or two people. Nine people. And I said, give me a break. Because I know the people. I know who they talked to. There were no nine people. But they say, nine people, and somebody reads it and they think, oh, nine people. They have nine sources. They make up sources.
They are very dishonest people. In fact, in covering my comments, the dishonest media did not explain that I called the fake news the enemy of the people -- the fake news. They dropped off the word “fake.” And all of the sudden, the story became, the media is the enemy. They take the word “fake” out, and now I’m saying, oh, no, this is no good. But that’s the way they are. So I’m not against the media. I’m not against the press. I don’t mind bad stories if I deserve them. And I tell you, I love good stories, but we won’t -- (laughter) -- I don’t get too many of them.
But I am only against the fake news media or press -- fake, fake. They have to leave that word. I'm against the people that make up stories and make up sources. They shouldn’t be allowed to use sources unless they use somebody’s name. Let their name be put out there. Let their name be put out. (Applause.) A source says that Donald Trump is a horrible, horrible human being. Let them say it to my face. (Applause.) Let there be no more sources.
And remember this -- and in not all in all cases. I mean, I had a story written yesterday about me in Reuters by a very honorable man. It was a very fair story. There are some great reporters around. They’re talented, they’re honest as the day is long. They’re great. But there are some terrible, dishonest people, and they do a tremendous disservice to our country and to our people. A tremendous disservice. They are very dishonest people, and they shouldn’t use sources. They should put the name of the person. You will see stories dry up like you’ve never seen before.
So you have no idea how bad it is, because if you are not part of the story -- and I put myself in your position sometimes, because many of you, you’re not part of the story, and if you’re not part of the story, then you sort of know. If you are part of the story, you know what they’re saying is true or not. So when they make it up, and they make up something else, and you saw that before the election -- polls, polls. The polls. They come out with these polls, and everybody was so surprised. Actually, a couple of polls got it right. I must say, Los Angeles Times did a great job. Shocking, because -- you know. They did a great job. (Applause.) And we had a couple of others that were right.
But generally speaking, I mean, I can tell you the network. Somebody said a poll came out. And I say, what network is it? And they’ll say, a certain -- let’s not even mention names right? Should we?
Well, you have a lot of them. Look, the Clinton new network is one. (Applause.) Totally. Take a look. Honestly. Take a look at their polls over the last two years. Now, you would think they would fire the pollster, right? After years and years of getting battered. But I don’t -- I mean, who knows, maybe they’re just bad at polling. Or maybe they’re not legit. But it’s one or the other. Look at how inaccurate -- look at CBS, look at ABC also. Look at NBC. Take a look at some of these polls. They’re so bad, so inaccurate.
And what that does is it creates a false narrative. It creates like this narrative that’s just like we’re not going to win, and people say, "Oh, I love Trump, but you know I’m not feeling great today. He can’t win. So I won’t go and vote. I won’t go and vote." It creates a whole false deal and we have to fight it folks. We have to fight it. They’re very smart, they’re very cunning, and they’re very dishonest.
So just to conclude -- I mean, it’s a very sensitive topic, and they get upset when we expose their false stories. They say that we can't criticize their dishonest coverage because of the First Amendment. You know, they always bring up the First Amendment. (Laughter.) And I love the First Amendment. Nobody loves it better than me. Nobody. (Applause.) I mean, who uses it more than I do?
But the First Amendment gives all of us -- it gives it to me, it gives it to you, it gives all Americans -- the right to speak our minds freely. It gives you the right and me the right to criticize fake news, and criticize it strongly. (Applause.)
And many of these groups are part of the large media corporations that have their own agenda, and it’s not your agenda, and it’s not the country’s agenda. It’s their own agenda. They have a professional obligation as members of the press to report honestly. But as you saw throughout the entire campaign, and even now, the fake news doesn’t tell the truth. Doesn’t tell the truth.
So just in finishing, I say it doesn’t represent the people. It never will represent the people. And we’re going to do something about it, because we have to go out and we have to speak our minds, and we have to be honest. Our victory was a win like nobody has ever seen before. (Applause.) And I’m here fighting for you, and I will continue to fight for you.
The victory and the win were something that really was dedicated to a country and people that believe in freedom, security, and the rule of law. (Applause.) Our victory was a victory and a win for conservative values. (Applause.) And our victory was a win for everyone who believes it’s time to stand up for America, to stand up for the American worker, and to stand up for the American flag. (Applause.) Yeah, there we should stand up. Come on. (Applause.) There we should stand up. Okay. (Applause.)
And, by the way, we love our flag. By the way, you folks are in here, the place is packed -- there are lines that go back six blocks. And I tell you that because you won’t read about it, okay? (Laughter.) But there are lines that go back six blocks. There is such love in this country for everything we stand for. You saw that on Election Day. (Applause.) And you’re going to see it more and more. (Applause.)
So we’re all part of this very historic movement, a movement the likes of which, actually, the world has never seen before. There’s never been anything like this. There’s been some movements, but there’s never been anything like this. There’s been some movements that petered out, like Bernie -- petered out. (Laughter.) But it was a little rigged against him -- superdelegate, superdelegate. She had so many delegates before the thing even started. I actually said to my people, how does that happen? (Laughter.) Not that I’m a fan of Bernie, but a lot of Bernie people voted for Trump. You know why? Because he’s right on one issue: Trade. He was right about trade.
Our country is being absolutely devastated with bad trade deals. So he was right about that, but we’ve got a lot of Bernie support. So actually, I like Bernie, okay? I like Bernie. (Applause.)
But I’m here today to tell you what this movement means for the future of the Republican Party and for the future of America.
First, we need to define what this great, great unprecedented movement is, and what it actually represents. The core conviction of our movement is that we are a nation that put and will put its own citizens first. (Applause.) For too long we’ve traded away our jobs to other countries -- so terrible. We’ve defended other nations’ borders while leaving ours wide open; anybody can come in.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: A wall!
THE PRESIDENT: Oh, we’re going to build the wall, don’t worry about it. We’re building the wall. We’re building the wall. In fact, it’s going to start soon, way ahead of schedule, way ahead of schedule. (Applause.) Way, way, way ahead of schedule. It’s going to start very soon. General Kelly, by the way, has done a fantastic job. Fantastic job he’s done. (Applause.)
And remember, we are getting the bad ones out. These are bad dudes. We’re getting the bad ones out, okay? We’re getting the bad -- if you watch these people it’s like, oh, gee, that’s so sad. We’re getting bad people out of this country, people that shouldn’t be -- whether it’s drugs or murder or other things. We’re getting bad ones out. Those are the ones that go first, and I said it from day one. Basically all I’ve done is keep my promise. (Applause.)
We’ve spent trillions of dollars overseas while allowing our own infrastructure to fall into total disrepair and decay. In the Middle East, we’ve spent as of four weeks ago $6 trillion. Think of it. And, by the way, the Middle East is in what -- I mean, it’s not even close -- it’s in much worse shape than it was 15 years ago. If our Presidents would have gone to the beach for 15 years, we would be in much better shape than we are right now, that I can tell you. (Applause.) Yeah, a hell of a lot better. We could have rebuilt our country three times with that money.
This is the situation that I inherited. I inherited a mess, believe me. We also inherited a failed health care law that threatens our medical system with absolute and total catastrophe.
Now, I’ve been watching -- and nobody says it -- but Obamacare doesn’t work, folks. I mean, I could say -- I could talk -- it doesn’t work. And now people are starting to develop a little warm heart, but the people that you’re watching, they’re not you. They’re largely -- many of them are the side that lost. You know, they lost the election. It’s like, how many elections do we have to have? They lost the election. (Laughter.)
But I always say, Obamacare doesn’t work. And these same people two years, and a year ago, were complaining about Obamacare. And the bottom line: We’re changing it. We’re going to make it much better. We’re going to make it less expensive. We’re going to make it much better. Obamacare covers very few people.
And remember, deduct from the number all of the people that had great health care that they loved, that was taken away from them; was taken away from them. (Applause.) Millions of people were very happy with their health care. They had their doctor, they had their plan. Remember the lie -- 28 times. “You can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan” -- over and over and over again you heard it.
So we’re going to repeal and replace Obamacare. (Applause.) And I tell Paul Ryan and all of the folks that we’re working with very hard -- Dr. Tom Price, very talented guy -- but I tell them from a purely political standpoint, the single-best thing we can do is nothing. Let it implode completely -- it’s already imploding. You see the carriers are all leaving. I mean, it’s a disaster.
But two years don’t do anything. The Democrats will come to us and beg for help. They’ll beg, and it’s their problem. But it’s not the right thing to do for the American people. It’s not the right thing to do. (Applause.)
We inherited a national debt that has doubled in eight years. Think of it -- $20 trillion. It’s doubled. And we inherited a foreign policy marked by one disaster after another. We don’t win anymore. When was the last time we won? Did we win a war? Do we win anything? Do we win anything? We’re going to win. We’re going to win big, folks. We’re going to start winning again, believe me. We’re going to win. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA!
THE PRESIDENT: But we’re taking a firm, bold and decisive measure -- we have to -- to turn things around. The era of empty talk is over. It’s over. (Applause.) Now is the time for action. So let me tell you about the actions that we’re taking right now to deliver on our promise to the American people, and on my promise to make America great again.
We’ve taken swift and strong action to secure the southern border of the United States and to begin the construction of great, great border wall. (Applause.) And with the help of our great border police, with the help of ICE, with the help of General Kelly and all of the people that are so passionate about this -- our Border Patrol, I’ll tell you what they do. They came and endorsed me, ICE came and endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate before. They might not even be allowed to. (Laughter.) But they were disgusted with what they saw.
And we’ll stop it. We’ll stop the drugs from pouring into our nation and poisoning our youth. (Applause.) Pouring in, pouring in. We get the drugs, they get the money. We get the problems, they get the cash. No good, no good. Going to stop.
By stopping the flow of illegal immigration, we will save countless tax dollars, and that's so important because the tax -- the dollars that we're losing are beyond anything that you can imagine. And the tax dollars that can be used to rebuild struggling American communities -- including our inner cities. (Applause.)
We are also going to save countless American lives. As we speak today, immigration officers are finding the gang members, the drug dealers and the criminal aliens, and throwing them the hell out of our country. (Applause.) And we will not let them back in. They're not coming back in, folks. (Applause.) If they do, they're going to have bigger problems than they ever dreamt of.
I'm also working with the Department of Justice to begin reducing violent crime. I mean, can you believe what's happening in Chicago, as an example? Two days ago, seven people were shot --
AUDIENCE MEMBER: It's Iraq!
THE PRESIDENT: -- and, I believe, killed. Seven people. Seven people. Chicago, a great American city. Seven people shot and killed.
We will support the incredible men and women of law enforcement. (Applause.) Thank you. And thank them. I've also followed through on my campaign promise and withdrawn America from the Trans-Pacific Partnership -- (applause) -- so that we can protect our economic freedom. And we are going to make trade deals, but we're going to do one-on-one, one-on-one. And if they misbehave, we terminate the deal. And then they'll come back, and we'll make a better deal. (Applause.) None of these big quagmire deals that are a disaster. Just take a look -- by the way, take a look at NAFTA, one of the worst deals ever made by any country having to do with economic development. It's economic undevelopment as far as our country is concerned.
We're preparing to repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. (Applause.) We're going to save Americans from this crisis, and give them the access to the quality healthcare they need and deserve.
We have authorized the construction, one day, of the Keystone and Dakota Access pipelines. (Applause.) And issued a new rule. This took place while I was getting ready to sign. I said, who makes the pipes for the pipeline? Well, sir, it comes from all over the world, isn't that wonderful? I said, nope, it comes from the United States or we're not building one. (Applause.) American steel. If they want a pipeline in the United States, they're going to use pipe that's made in the United States, do we agree? (Applause.)
But can you imagine -- I told this story the other day -- can you imagine the gentleman -- never met him, don't even know the name of his company. I actually sort of know it, but I want to get it exactly correct. Big, big, powerful company. They spent hundreds of millions of dollars on the pipeline -- same thing with the Dakota, different place. They got their approvals, everything, in the case of Dakota, then all of a sudden they couldn't connect it because they had people protesting that never showed up before.
But with the Keystone -- so they spend hundreds of millions of dollars with bloodsucker consultants, you know, sucking the blood out of the company -- "don't worry, I use them all my life; okay, don't worry, we're going to get it approved, I'm connected, I'm a lobbyist, don't worry." Bottom line, Obama didn't sign it. Could be 42,000 jobs -- somewhere around there. A lot of jobs. Didn't sign it. But can you imagine -- he gave up. A year ago it was dead.
Now he's doing nothing, calling his wife, "Hello, darling, I'm a little bored, you know that pipeline?" That has killed us, that has killed our company. Knock, knock. "Mr. so-and-so, the Keystone pipeline, sir, out of nowhere, has just been approved." (Applause.) Now, can you imagine the expression? And you know the sad part? The same bloodsucking consultants that hit him for all the money and failed? They're now going to go back to him and say, didn't we do a great job? We want more money, right, because that's the way the system works. A little bit off, but that's the way the system works.
We're preparing bold action to lift the restrictions on American energy, including shale, oil, natural gas, and beautiful clean coal, and we're going to put our miners back to work. (Applause.) Miners are going back to work. (Applause.) Miners are going back to work, folks. Sorry to tell you that, but they're going back to work.
We have begun a historic program to reduce the regulations that are crushing our economy -- crushing. And not only our economy, crushing our jobs, because companies can't hire. We're going to put the regulation industry out of work and out of business. (Applause.) And, by the way, I want regulation. I want to protect our environment. I want regulations for safety. I want all of the regulations that we need, and I want them to be so strong and so tough. But we don't need 75 percent of the repetitive, horrible regulations that hurt companies, hurt jobs, make us noncompetitive overseas with other companies from other countries. That, we don't need. But we're going to have regulations. It's going to be really strong and really good, and we're going to protect our environment, and we're going to protect the safety of our people and our workers. (Applause.)
Another major promise is tax reform. We are going to massively lower taxes on the middle class, reduce taxes on American business, and make our tax code more simple and much more fair for everyone, including the people and the business. (Applause.)
In anticipation of these and other changes, jobs are already starting to pour back into our country -- you see that. In fact, I think I did more than any other pre-President -- they say President-elect. President-elect is meeting with Ford, he's meeting with Chrysler, he's meeting with General Motors. I just wanted to save a little time. (Laughter.) Because Ford and Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Intel and so many others are now, because of the election result, making major investments in the United States, expanding production and hiring more workers. And they're going back to Michigan, and they're going back to Ohio, and they're going back to Pennsylvania, and they're going back to North Carolina, and to Florida. (Applause.)
It's time for all Americans to get off of welfare and get back to work. You're going to love it! You're going to love it. You are going to love it. (Applause.)
We're also putting in a massive budget request for our beloved military. (Applause.) And we will be substantially upgrading all of our military -- all of our military. Offensive, defensive, everything. Bigger and better and stronger than ever before. And hopefully, we'll never have to use it. But nobody is going to mess with us, folks. Nobody. (Applause.)
It will be one of the greatest military buildups in American history. No one will dare to question -- as they have been, because we're very depleted, very, very depleted. Sequester. Sequester. Nobody will dare question our military might again. We believe in peace through strength, and that's what we will have. (Applause.)
As part of my pledge to restore safety for the American people, I have also directed the defense community to develop a plan to totally obliterate ISIS. (Applause.) Working with our allies, we will eradicate this evil from the face of the Earth. (Applause.)
At the same time, we fully understand that national security begins with border security. Foreign terrorists will not be able to strike America if they cannot get into our country. (Applause.) And by the way, take a look at what's happening in Europe, folks. Take a look at what's happening in Europe. I took a lot of heat on Sweden. (Laughter.) And then a day later, I said, has anybody reported what's going on? And it turned out that they didn't -- not too many of them did. (Laughter.) Take a look at what happened in Sweden. I love Sweden. Great country. Great people. I love Sweden. But they understand I'm right. The people over there understand I'm right. Take a look at what's happening in Sweden. Take a look at what's happening in Germany. Take a look at what's happened in France. Take a look at Nice and Paris.
I have a friend -- he's a very, very substantial guy. He loves the City of Lights. He loves Paris. For years, every year, during the summer, he would go to Paris -- it was automatic -- with his wife and his family. I hadn’t seen him in a while. And I said, Jim, let me ask you a question: How’s Paris doing? "Paris? I don’t go there anymore. Paris is no longer Paris." That was four years -- four, five years -- hasn’t gone there. He wouldn’t miss it for anything. Now he doesn’t even think in terms of going there. Take a look at what’s happening to our world, folks, and we have to be smart. We have to be smart. We can’t let it happen to us. (Applause.)
So let me state this as clearly as I can: We are going to keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country. (Applause.) We will not be deterred from this course, and in a matter of days, we will be taking brand new action to protect out people and keep America safe. You will see the action. (Applause.)
I will never, ever apologize for protecting the safety and security of the American people. I won’t do it. (Applause.) If it means I get bad press, if it means people speak badly of me, it’s okay. It doesn’t bother me. The security of our people is number one -- is number one. (Applause.) Our administration is running with great efficiency, even though I still don’t have my Cabinet approved. Nobody mentions that. Do you know I still have people out there waiting to be approved? And everyone knows they're going to be approved. It’s just a delay, delay, delay. It’s really sad. It’s really sad. And these are great people. These are some great people. We still don’t have our Cabinet. I assume we’re setting records for that. That’s the only thing good about it is we’re setting records. I love setting records. (Applause.) But I hate having a Cabinet meeting and I see all these empty seats. I said, Democrats, please, approve our Cabinet and get smart on health care too, if you don’t mind. (Applause.)
But we’re taking meetings every day with top leaders in business, in science, and industry. Yesterday, I had 29 of the biggest business leaders in the world in my office -- Caterpillar tractor, Campbell’s Soup. We had everybody. We had everybody. I like Campbell’s Soup. (Laughter and applause.) We had everybody, and we came to a lot of very good conclusions, and a lot of those folks that are in that room are going to be building big, big massive new plants, and lots of jobs. And you know what? They’re going to be building them in this country, not in some other country. (Applause.)
We’re meeting with unions, meeting with law enforcement, and we’re meeting with leaders from all around the world, where the White House doors used to be totally closed -- they were closed, folks. You don’t realize that. They were closed. They’re now wide open. And they’re open for people doing business for our country and putting people to work. (Applause.)
And when they come into the White House, we’re translating these meetings into action. One by one, we’re checking off the promises we made to the people of the United States. One by one -- a lot of promises. And we will not stop until the job is done. We will reduce your taxes. We will cut your regulations. We will support our police. We will defend our flag. (Applause.) We will rebuild our military. We will take care of our great, great veterans. We’re taking care of our veterans. (Applause.)
We will fix our broken and embarrassing trade deals that are no good -- none of them. You wonder, where did the people come from that negotiated these deals? Where did they come from?
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Government.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, they came also from campaign contributions, I must be honest with you. They’re not as stupid as you think. (Laughter.)
We will cut wasteful spending. We will promote our values. We will rebuild our inner cities. We will bring back our jobs and our dreams. So true. (Applause.) So true.
And, by the way, we will protect our Second Amendment. (Applause.) You know, Wayne and Chris are here from the NRA, and they didn’t have that on the list. It’s lucky I thought about it. (Laughter.) But we will indeed. And they’re great people. And by the way, they love our country. They love our country. The NRA has been a great supporter. They love our country.
The forgotten men and women of America will be forgotten no longer. That is the heart of this new movement and the future of the Republican Party. People came to vote, and these people -- the media -- they said, where are they coming from? What’s going on here? These are hardworking, great, great Americans. These are unbelievable people who have not been treated fairly. Hillary called them “deplorable”. They’re not deplorable.
AUDIENCE: Booo -- lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up!
THE PRESIDENT: Who would have thought that a word was going to play so badly. That’s the problem in politics. One wrong word and it’s over. She also said irredeemable, but we won’t mention that.
The GOP will be, from now on, the party also of the American worker. (Applause.) You know, we haven’t been, as a group, given credit for this, but if you look at how much bigger our party has gotten during this cycle. During the early days when we had 17 people running -- the primaries -- millions and millions of people were joining. Now, I won’t say it was because of me, but it was, okay. (Applause.)
And we have an amazing, strong, powerful party that truly does want to see America be great again, and it will see it. And it’s going to see it a lot sooner than you think, believe me. A lot sooner than you think. (Applause.)
We will not answer to donors or lobbyists or special interests, but we will serve the citizens of the United States of America, believe me. Global cooperation -- dealing with other countries, getting along with other countries -- is good. It’s very important. But there is no such thing as a global anthem, a global currency, or a global flag. This is the United States of America that I’m representing. I’m not representing the globe. I’m representing your country. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA!
THE PRESIDENT: There is one allegiance that unites us all, and that is to America. America -- it’s the allegiance to America.
No matter our background, or income, or geography, we are all citizens of this blessed land. And no matter our color, or the blood, the color of the blood we bleed, it’s the same red blood of great, great patriots. Remember. Great patriots. (Applause.)
We all salute, with pride, the same American Flag. And we are equal -- totally equal -- in the eyes of Almighty God. We’re equal. (Applause.) Thank you.
And I want to thank, by the way, the evangelical community, the Christian community. (Applause.) Communities of faith -- rabbis and priests and pastors, ministers -- because the support for me was a record, as you know, not only in terms of numbers of people, but percentages of those numbers that voted for Trump. So I want to thank you folks. It was amazing -- an amazing outpouring, and I will not disappoint you.
As long as we have faith in each other, and trust in God, then there is no goal, at all, beyond our reach. There is no dream too large, no task too great. We are Americans, and the future belongs to us. The future belongs to all of you. (Applause.) And America is coming about, and it’s coming back, and it’s roaring and you can hear it. It’s going to be bigger and better. It is going to be. It is going to be. Remember. And it’s roaring. It’s going to be bigger, and better, and stronger than ever before. (Applause.)
I want to thank you. And Matt and Mercedes, I want to thank the two of you, and all of the supporters that I have. I see them. They’re all over the place. You are really great people. I want to thank you.
And I want to say to you, God bless you, and God bless the United States of America. Thank you, folks. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
11:04 A.M. EST12:07 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you all very much for being here. We have tremendous people standing behind me, and the biggest in the world in terms of manufacturing and business. Some of the people involved are Ken Fisher and Ken Frazier, Chairman and President, CEO of Merck. Alex Gorsky, Chairman, CEO of Johnson and Johnson. Marillyn Hewson -- and she has been very tough to deal with but that’s okay -- (laughter) -- she’s a very tough negotiator, President of Lockheed Martin. Gregory Hayes, Chairman and CEO, United Technology. Andrew Liveris, my friend Andrew, Chairman and CEO of Dow Chemical Company. Mario Longhi, the President, CEO, United States Steel Corporation. Juan Luciano, Chairman, President, CEO of Archer Daniels Midland Company. Denise Morrison, President of Campbell’s Soup Company. Lee Styslinger III, Chairman and CEO of Altec, Inc. Mark Sutton, Chairman, CEO of International Paper. And Inge Thulin, Chairman, President of 3M Company.
And we have made tremendous progress with these great business leaders -- amazing progress. They’re getting together in groups and they’re coming up with suggestions about their companies and how to bring jobs back to the United States. And I think it will be a fantastic day for the country.
And we met yesterday, and -- I met with these folks and some more. Excessive regulation is killing jobs, driving companies out of our country like never before. Although, I must say, I think we’ve stopped it to a large part, Marillyn, right?
MS. HEWSON: Right.
THE PRESIDENT: Reducing wages and raising prices. I’ve listened to American companies and American workers. I’ve been listening to them for a long time. I’ve been listening to them complain for a long time. But today, this executive order directs each agency to establish a regulatory reform task force, which will ensure that every agency has a team of dedicated -- and a real team of dedicated people to research all regulations that are unnecessary, burdensome and harmful to the economy, and therefore harmful to the creation of jobs and business.
Each task force will make recommendations to repeal or simplify existing regulations. The regulatory burden is for the people behind me and for the great companies of this country, and for small companies -- an impossible situation, we’re going to solve it very quickly. They will also have to really report every once in a while to us so we can report on the progress, and so we can come up with some even better solutions.
This executive order is one of many ways we’re going to get real results when it comes to removing job-killing regulations and unleashing economic opportunity. We’ve already issued an order which says that for every one new regulation, two old regulations must be eliminated. So that in itself is going to be tremendous, but what we’re doing is much more than even that.
Every regulation should have to pass a simple test: Does it make life better or safer for American workers or consumers? If the answer is no, we will be getting rid of it and getting rid of it quickly. We will stop punishing companies for doing business in the United States. It’s going to be absolutely just the opposite. They’re going to be incentivized for doing business in the United States.
We’re working very hard to roll back the regulatory burdens so that coal miners, factory workers, small-business owners, and so many others can grow their businesses and thrive. We cannot allow government to be an obstacle to government opportunity. We are going to bring back jobs and create more opportunities to prosper, maybe more than ever before in our country. We’ve made tremendous strides over the last short period of time. This is -- I guess we’re four weeks into it. I think for four weeks I’ve done a good job, wouldn’t you say? (Laughter.)
But again, I want to thank these great business leaders. Some of them are with us and the White House, and they’ve had tremendous success -- Reed and Jared and so many others -- in business. And they’re helping us sort out what’s going on, because really, for many years, even beyond -- long beyond Obama, President Obama -- I will say that it’s been disastrous for business. This is going to be a place for business to do well and to thrive.
And so with the signing of this executive order, I would like to just congratulate everybody behind me. And, Andrew, I’d like to thank you for initially getting the group together.
MR. LIVERIS: Thank you. Thank you, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Really a fantastic job you’ve done.
MR. LIVERIS: Thank you.
(The executive order is signed.)
THE PRESIDENT: Should I give this pen to Andrew? Dow Chemical. (Laughter.) I think maybe, right? (Applause.)
MR LIVERIS: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: That means a lot of jobs. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much.
END
12:12 P.M. EST2:40 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, everybody, very nice. Nice to see you. Well, I want to thank Dina and Ivanka and everybody for working so hard to set this up. It's been so important to them, and I want to make it clear today that my administration will focus on ending the absolutely horrific practice of human trafficking. And I am prepared to bring the full force and weight of our government to the federal and at the federal level, and the other highest levels, whatever we can do, in order to solve this horrific problem. It's getting worse and it's happening in the United States in addition to the rest of the world, but it's happening in the United States, which is terrible.
Human trafficking is a dire problem, both domestically and internationally, and is one that's made really a challenge. And it's really made possible to a large extent, more of a modern phenomenon, by what's taking place on the Internet, as you probably know. Solving the human trafficking epidemic, which is what it is, is a priority for my administration. We're going to help out a lot. "Solve" is a wonderful word, a beautiful word, but I can tell you, we're going to help a lot.
I'll direct the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security and other federal agencies that have a role in preventing human trafficking to take a hard look at the resources and personnel that they're currently devoting to this fight. Now, they are devoting a lot, but we're going to be devoting more.
Dedicated men and women across the federal government have focused on this for some time, as you know. A lot of you have been dealing with the federal government and it's been much more focused over the last four weeks -- I can tell you that. I cannot thank each of you enough, and the dedicated men and women who run my staff and your staffs in getting everybody together was terrific. I was so glad I was able to be here.
You start with really a tremendous amount of energy and blood, sweat and tears. Government can be helpful, but without you, nothing would happen. So, again, I want to thank everybody in this room. It's a very, very terrible problem. It's not talked about enough. People don't know enough about it. And we're going to talk about it, and we're going to bring it out into the open and hopefully we're going to do a great deal to help prevent some of the horrific -- really horrific -- crimes that are taking place.
And I can see -- I really can say, in this country, people don't realize how bad it is in this country, but in this country and all over the world. So thank you all for being here.
Thank you very much.
END
2:44 P.M. EST10:57 A.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much. It's a great honor to have everybody. And some of the great people in the world of business, many of you I know -- many of you I know from reading all of our wonderful magazines and business magazines, in particular. So it's an honor to have you with us today.
Bringing manufacturing back to America, creating high-wage jobs was one of our campaign promises and themes, and it resonated with everybody. It was really something what happened. States that hadn’t been won in many, many years were -- they came over to our fold. A lot of it had to do with the jobs, and other reasons -- but jobs. And I'm delivering on everything that we've said. In fact, people are saying they've never seen so much happen in 30 days of a presidency. We've delivered on a lot. And I think Mark can explain, and Mark can probably say some of the things we're doing for the auto industry. We're going to be doing for many of the industries.
As you know, the United States lost one-third of our manufacturing jobs since NAFTA. That's an unbelievable number and statistic. And 70,000 factories closed since China joined the WTO -- 70,000 factories. So when I used to give that statistic, I used to talk about and I always thought it was a typo. I said, it has to be a typo. I tell Wilbur -- Wilbur, that can't be right -- 70,000. Think of it, 70,000 factories. So you say, what are we doing? My administration's policies and regulatory reform, tax reform, trade policies will return significant manufacturing jobs to our country. Everything is going to be based on bringing our jobs back, the good jobs, the real jobs. They've left, and they're coming back. They have to come back.
You've already seen companies such as Intel, Ford. Mark has been great. GM, Walmart, Amgen, Amazon, Fiat -- they came the other day; they're going to make a tremendous investment in the country. Carrier and many others announced significant new investments in the United States. For example, Ford is doing 700 million in Michigan, creating 700 new jobs -- is a vote of confidence. It was actually stated a vote of confidence. We have many other companies doing the same thing. Carrier, as you know -- and I got involved very late, almost like by two years late -- but many of the jobs that were leaving for Mexico, they're bringing back at least 800 jobs they're bringing back. And they actually never got to leave. I have no idea what they did with the plant in Mexico, but we'll have to ask them, because it was largely built.
General Motors is investing $1 billion in U.S. plants, adding or keeping 7,000 jobs. And it's going to be investing a lot more than that over the next fairly short period. Lockheed Martin has -- they've just announced 1,800 new jobs, and U.S. plants are doing a great job, and we started negotiating with them a little bit on the F-35. They cut their price a little bit. Thank you very much. She's tough. (Laughter.) But it worked out well I think for everybody. And I think I have to say this: Marillyn, you've gotten a lot of credit, because what you did was the right thing. So we appreciate it. She cut her price over $700 million, right? By over $700 million. You think Hillary would have asked for $700 million? (Laughter.) Oh, boy, I hope you -- I assume you wanted her to win. But you know what? You're going to do great and you're going to make more planes. It's going to work out the same, or better.
Walmart announced plans to create 10,000 jobs, and all of those jobs are going to be in the United States. Sprint and SoftBank is putting in $50 billion because of our election in the United States, over the next four years, to create 50,000 jobs. They've been terrific, by the way. And we have many others. Many of you are in the room, and you know exactly what I'm talking about. We have many, many other companies. And we're very happy.
Today we have 24 CEOs from the largest manufacturing companies in the country and even in the world. They represent people just in this room, nearly $1 trillion of sales and 2 million employees, large majorities of which are in the United States. They share our commitment to bringing manufacturing back and to create jobs in this country, which has been the biggest part of my campaign. I would say the border, a big part. Military strength, big part. And jobs, big part. I don’t want to say which is most important. I guess we always have to say defense is maybe the most important.
But many of you take care of our defense, you make great products. Nobody makes the products that we do for our military. Nobody. And, in fact, a couple of countries who were not allowed to buy from us, I gave them -- hello, Jeff -- I gave them authorization -- you can only buy from us. I want them to buy from us. They were getting planes from other countries because our -- and they’re allies. But they’re going to be buying from us from now on.
And I just want to thank all of my people. My staff has been amazing. Gary, as you know -- you all know Gary from Goldman, Gary Cohn. And we’re really happy -- just paid $200 million in tax in order to take this job, by the way. (Laughter.) Which is very much unlike Gary. But he’s great. And he’ll be criticized by the media because he’s getting paid $197,000. They’ll say he really wanted that money -- which he gave up. I think he gave up -- did you give that up, Gary? I think so.
MR. COHN: Yes.
PARTICIPANT: It was one of those things.
THE PRESIDENT: It was one of those things. That’s right. (Laughter.)
I want to thank -- Wilbur has been so fantastic. I’ve known Wilbur for so long, and he’s a great guy, great negotiator, but a very fair negotiator. And he’s going to be doing things that -- the deals we have with other countries are unbelievably bad. We don’t have any good deals. In fact, I’m trying to find a country where we actually have a surplus of trade as opposed to -- everything is a deficit.
With Mexico, we have $70 billion in deficits, trade deficits, and it’s unsustainable. We’re not going to let it happen. Can’t let it happen. We’re going to have a good relationship with Mexico, I hope. And if we don’t, we don’t. But we can’t let that happen -- $70 billion in trade deficits. And that doesn’t include the drugs that pour across the border, like water. So we can’t let that happen.
With China, we have close to a $500-billion trade deficit. So we have to do something. I spoke to the President, I spoke to many people. We’re going to work on that very, very hard, and we’re going to do things that are the proper things to do.
But I actually said to my people: Find a country where we actually do well. So far, we haven’t found that country. It’s just losses with everybody, and we’re going to turn that around.
I want to thank Jared Kushner, who has been so involved in this, and all of my guys. We have a great team. We have a team of all-stars. And we’ve been credit -- we’ve really been given credit for that. Right now, Rex, who, as you know, he’s in Mexico -- I said, that’s going to be a tough trip, because we have to be treated fairly by Mexico. That’s going to be a tough trip. But he’s over there with General Kelly, who’s been unbelievable at the border. You see what’s happening at the border. All of a sudden for the first time we’re getting gang members out, we’re getting drug lords out. We’re getting really bad dudes out of this country and at a rate that nobody has ever seen before. And they’re the bad ones.
And it’s a military operation because what has been allowed to come into our country -- when you see gang violence that you’ve read about like never before and all of the things -- much of that is people that are here illegally. And they’re rough and they’re tough, but they’re not tough like our people. So we’re getting them out.
I thought what we could do is maybe we’ll start with Ken on my left, and we’ll go around the room and introduce yourselves to the press. Lots of media. One thing, we have lots of media. How are you? Treats me -- that’s one that treats me very nicely, one of the few. Hi. And we’ll just start around -- go around the room and then we’ll talk privately without the press, and we’re going to figure out how to bring many, many millions of jobs more back to the United States, okay?
Ken, go ahead.
MR. FRAZIER: Thank you, Mr. President, it’s good to be here. Ken Frazier from Merck & Co., Inc.
MR. FIELDS: Thank you, Mr. President. Mark Fields, CEO of Ford Motor Company.
MS. MORRISON: Thank you, Mr. President. Denise Morrison from Campbell Soup Company.
THE PRESIDENT: Good soup.
MS. MORRISON: Thank you.
MR. HAYES: Thank you, Mr. President. Greg Hayes from United Technologies, the parent company of Carrier.
THE PRESIDENT: Did you bring any more of those jobs back from Carrier? (Laughter.) But one thing he did -- you know, I told -- I said, you were given so much credit for that, and I heard, two days ago, that you’re selling far more Carrier air conditioners than you thought, just as a patriotic move. People are buying Carrier because of what you did -- bringing the jobs back to Indiana.
MR. HAYES: That’s exactly right. It’s a great success.
THE PRESIDENT: Right? So, I said that. I thought that was going to happen. Good. Thank you.
MR. STYSLINGER: Thank you, Mr. President. Lee Styslinger with Altec, Inc.
MR. GORSKY: Thank you, Mr. President. Alex Gorsky with Johnson & Johnson.
MR. FARR: Thank you, Mr. President. David Farr with Emerson. St. Louis.
MR. OBERHELMAN: Doug Oberhelman, executive chairman of Caterpillar. We have plenty of D10s available for you.
THE PRESIDENT: I love those D10s. (Laughter.) I even like the D12. Are they still doing the D12?
MR. OBERHELMAN: We’re doing a D11, and we have some of those around as well.
THE PRESIDENT: Because the D12, I’m waiting for, you know. That’s going to be bigger than anything ever in history, right? But there’s nothing like what you do. The Caterpillars are the best.
MR. OBERHELMAN: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: And when we raise the dollar, and we let other people manipulate their currencies, it’s the one thing that stops you, Doug -- right?
MR. OBERHELMAN: Well, we’ll take them on. Bring them on.
THE PRESIDENT: Right, technology. No, but we have to give you a level playing field.
MR. OBERHELMAN: We need a level playing field.
THE PRESIDENT: We have to let other countries give you a level playing field. So, what a great company. I love Caterpillar. I’ve been driving them for a long time.
MR. OBERHELMAN: Well, come out and see us, and we’ll put you in one. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, good. I might do that soon. Go ahead.
MR. KAMSICKAS: Jim Kamsickas, Dana Incorporated. Thank you.
MR. LONGHI: Mario Longhi, with U.S. Steel, Mr. President. Thank you for the opportunity.
THE PRESIDENT: And you’re going to be doing pipelines now. You know that, right? We put you heavy into the pipeline business because we approved, as you know, the Keystone Pipeline and Dakota. But they have to buy -- meaning, steel, so I’ll say U.S. Steel -- but steel made in this country and pipelines made in this country.
MR. LONGHI: 100 percent, Mr. President. We’ll be there.
THE PRESIDENT: So the pipe is coming from the U.S.
MR. LONGHI: By the way, when you come drive trucks, come up to Minnesota and our mines. You’re going to see us running up there.
THE PRESIDENT: Good. I’ll do it. I’ll be out there.
MR. FETTIG: Mr. President, thank you. Jeff Fettig, Whirlpool Corporation.
THE PRESIDENT: Yep, good.
MS. HEWSON: Thank you, Mr. President. Marillyn Hewson, Lockheed Martin Corporation. I just want to thank you for this opportunity that we’ve spent this morning in the working groups, and the opportunity to talk to you today about generating jobs. We’re very excited about the fact that this is one of the first actions that you want to take on. So thank you very much.
THE PRESIDENT: Good. Well, thank you, and thank you for what we did. Lot 10, we call it. Lot 10 -- 90 planes. It was 90 planes out of 3,000, but it was not doing so well, and now it’s doing great. Right?
MS. HEWSON: That’s right, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, good.
MS. HEWSON: And we welcome you to Fort Worth to see those aircraft on the production line.
THE PRESIDENT: Good. Very good. Thank you, Marillyn.
MR. IMMELT: Mr. President, good to see you again. Jeff Immelt with GE.
THE PRESIDENT: Good. Hi, Jeff.
MR. IMMELT: Great to be here. Look forward to really working you on creating more manufacturing jobs.
THE PRESIDENT: Jeff actually watched me make a hole-in-one, can you believe that? Should you tell that story?
MR. IMMELT: We were trying to talk President Trump into doing "The Apprentice." That was my assignment when we owned NBC. President Trump goes up to a par 3 on his course, he looks to the three of us and says, “You realize of course I’m the richest golfer in the world.” That’s a comment, then gets a hole-in-one. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: Crazy.
MR. IMMELT: I have to say, you know, I’ve seen the magic before. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: It’s so crazy that -- no, I actually said I was the best golfer of all the rich people -- (laughter) -- to be exact. And then I got a hole-in-one.
MR. IMMELT: That’s what you said.
THE PRESIDENT: So, it was sort of cool. Thank you. Thank you very much.
MR. BROWN: Thank you, Mr. President. Bill Brown from Harris Corporation. And thank you for coming to our headquarter location in Melbourne, Florida twice. Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Absolutely. Thank you.
MR. WEEKS: Wendell Weeks, Corning Incorporated. Thank you.
MR. FERRIOLA: Thank you, Mr. President. John Ferriola, Nucor Corporation.
THE PRESIDENT: Great.
MR. ALTHOFF: Thank you, Mr. President. Don Althoff with Veresen, Inc.
MR. SUTTON: Good morning, Mr. President. Mark Sutton, chairman and CEO of International Paper.
THE PRESIDENT: Great. Bob Craft is a big fan of yours. You know, that right?
MR. LEIMBACH: Thank you, Mr. President. Keith Leimbach, CEO of LiveOps, representing the services industry in a manufacturing form.
THE PRESIDENT: Yes, I know.
MR. LEIMBACH: Let’s remember to bring those services jobs back as well.
THE PRESIDENT: Good. We will.
MR. LIVERIS: Good morning, Mr. President. I’m Andrew Liveris, Dow Chemical. Thank you for the opportunity, and bringing the language of business back to the White House, and I’m here to make chemistry sexy again. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: And I want to thank you for your help. You’ve been great. Thank you, Andrew, very much.
Nobody knows Ivanka. (Laughter.)
MR. THULIN: Good morning, Mr. President. Inge Thulin, 3M.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Reed, thank you also. Thank you. Say it again, please.
MR. THULIN: Inge Thulin, 3M. Good morning.
THE PRESIDENT: Yes. Great company.
MR. DELL: Good morning, Mr. President. Great to be back. It’s Michael Dell, with Dell Technologies.
THE PRESIDENT: Hi, Michael. Nice to see you.
MS. NOVAKOVIK: Good morning, Mr. President. Phebe Novakovic, General Dynamics.
THE PRESIDENT: Great.
MR. LUCIANO: Good morning, Mr. President. Juan Luciano, Archer Daniels Midland.
THE PRESIDENT: Great. Great companies.
Jared. So, Jared, maybe I’ll let you take over for a little while, and we’ll then -- we’re going to then go through the room very, very carefully. We’re going to find out how we bring more jobs back. And thank you to the press and the media. We really appreciate it, and we’ll see you later. Thank you very much.
END
11:12 A.M. EST12:39 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you all. This will be somewhat of an informal meeting. I want to congratulate Mick Mulvaney, who’s been confirmed finally -- we waited a long time -- by the Senate. And he’s going to be an absolutely great director. Total confidence in Mick. Known him for a long time. He loves those budgets.
Unfortunately, the budget we’re inheriting -- essentially inheriting -- is a mess. The finances of our country are a mess. But we’re going to clean them up. Things that we’ve been doing, including negotiating deals that have already been negotiated, so you call it re-negotiating -- on airplanes and lots of other things, military items -- we’ll end up either getting many more planes free, or we’re going to save a lot of money. But we’ve already saved a lot; billions and billions of dollars have been saved.
We have enormous work to do as the national debt doubled over the last eight years. Our debt has doubled over a short period of time. I want the American people to know that our budget will reflect their priorities. We’ll be directing all of our departments and agencies to protect every last American and every last tax dollar. No more wasted money.
We’re going to be spending the money in a very, very careful manner. Our moral duty to the taxpayer requires us to make our government leaner and more accountable. We must do a lot more with less. And we must stop the improper payments and the abuses, negotiate better prices, and look for every last dollar of savings.
We’ve already imposed hiring freezes on nonessential government workers, and part of our commitment is to continue to do that for the American taxpayer. We have appointed a Cabinet that knows how to manage dollars wisely. I’ve known many of the folks for a long time. They’ve been tremendous winners -- whether it’s Steve or Gary or another Steve, right here. And that’s why I will direct them to manage the country’s dollars and your dollars very wisely. We won’t let your money be wasted anymore. We’re going to run government smoothly, efficiently, and on behalf of the very hardworking taxpayers -- something that the taxpayers haven’t seen in a long time. I will be holding everybody accountable for that, and I have no doubt that this group -- in particular, this group will do a fantastic job.
I want to congratulate Steve Mnuchin as our new Secretary of the Treasury. He’s going to be outstanding. Tremendous track record -- he has a tremendous track record. I have great confidence in him.
So we’re going to continue on, and we’re going to take this budget, which is -- in all fairness, I’ve only been here for four weeks, so I can’t take too much of the blame for what’s happened. But it is absolutely out of control, and we’re going to do things that are going to be tremendous over the years. We have to take care of our military. We have no choice, we have to take care of our military. It needs work; it’s very depleted. And we have to take care of a lot of other things.
Healthcare is moving along nicely. It’s being put into final forms. As you know, before we do the tax -- which is actually very well finalized -- but we can’t submit it until the healthcare, statutorily or otherwise. So we’re doing the healthcare. Again, moving along very well. Sometime during the month of March, maybe mid- to early March we will be submitting something that I think people will be very impressed by.
And with that, we’re going to have a little meeting. And I think the press knows pretty much all of the people at the table, so thank you very much. We appreciate it.
END
12:43 P.M. ESTNational Museum of African American History and Culture
Washington, D.C.
9:54 A.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, everybody. It's a great honor to be here. This was some beautiful morning and what a job they've done, like few others have been able to do.
I am very, very proud of Lonnie Bunch. The work and the love that he has in his heart for what he's done is -- I always talk about you need enthusiasm, you need really love for anything you do to do it successfully. And, Lonnie, you are where? Come on. Where's Lonnie? You should be up here, Lonnie. Come on.
And David -- we have to get David up here, too. David Skorton is tremendous and he was singing Lonnie's praises all morning long. So you two should at least be here. So we appreciate it very much.
And David Rubenstein, who is here someplace, he is -- come on, David, you have to get up here, David. You certainly deserve it. He's a very, very successful guy who spends money doing great things, and he's been a great help to so many different groups and this one in particular.
Thank you. It's a privilege to be here today. This museum is a beautiful tribute to so many American heroes -- heroes like Sojourner Truth, Harriet Tubman, Frederick Douglass, Booker T. Washington, Rosa Parks, the Greensboro students, and the African American Medal of Honor recipients, among so many other really incredible heroes.
It's amazing to see. I went to -- we did a pretty comprehensive tour, but not comprehensive enough. So, Lonnie, I'll be back. I told you that. Because I could stay here for a lot longer, believe me. It's really incredible.
I'm deeply proud that we now have a museum that honors the millions of African American men and women who built our national heritage, especially when it comes to faith, culture and the unbreakable American spirit. My wife was here last week and took a tour, and it was something that she's still talking about. Ivanka is here right now. Hi, Ivanka. And it really is very, very special. It's something that, frankly, if you want to know the truth, it's doing so well that everybody is talking about it.
I know President Obama was here for the museum's opening last fall. And I'm honored to be the second sitting President to visit this great museum. Etched in the hall that we passed today is a quote from Spottswood Rice, a runaway slave who joined the Union Army. He believed that his fellow African Americans always looked to the United States as the promised land of universal freedom. Today and every day of my presidency, I pledge to do everything I can to continue that promise of freedom for African Americans and for every American. So important. Nothing more important.
This tour was a meaningful reminder of why we have to fight bigotry, intolerance and hatred in all of its very ugly forms. The anti-Semitic threats targeting our Jewish community and community centers are horrible and are painful, and a very sad reminder of the work that still must be done to root out hate and prejudice and evil.
I want to thank a great friend of mine, Dr. Ben Carson, and his beautiful family -- Candy and the whole family -- for joining us today. It was very special to accompany him and his family for the first time seeing the Carson exhibit. First time. I’m so proud of you. I love this guy. He’s a great guy. Really a great guy. And he can tell you better than me, but I’ll tell you what, we really started something with Ben. We’re very, very proud of him. Hopefully, next week he’ll get his approval, about three or four weeks late -- and you’re doing better than most, right? But the Democrats, they’ll come along. I have no doubt they’ll come along. But Ben is going to do a fantastic job at HUD. I have absolutely no doubt he will be one of the great -- ever -- in that position.
He grew up in Detroit, and had very little. He defied every statistic. He graduated from Yale, and he went on to University of Michigan’s medical school. He became a brilliant -- totally brilliant -- neurosurgeon, saved many lives, and helped many, many people. We’re going to do great things in our African American communities together. Ben is going to work with me very, very closely. And HUD has a meaning far beyond housing. If properly done, it’s a meaning that’s as big as anything there is, and Ben will be able to find that true meaning and the true meaning of HUD as its Secretary. So I just look forward to that. I look forward to watching that. He’ll do things that nobody ever thought of.
I also want to thank Senator Tim Scott for joining us today. Friend of mine -- a great, great senator from South Carolina. I like the state of South Carolina. I like all those states where I won by double, double, double digits. You know, those states. But South Carolina was one, and Tim has been fantastic how he represents the people. And they love him.
I also want to profoundly thank Alveda King for being here, and as we saw her uncle’s wonderful exhibit, and he certainly deserves that. Mrs. King -- and by the way, Ms. King, I can tell you this personally because I watch her all the time, and she is a tremendous fighter for justice. And so, Alveda, thank you very much.
MS. KING: Thank you, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: Come up here for a second.
MS. KING: Yes, sir. Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: I have been watching you for so long, and you are so incredible. And I wanted to thank you for all the nice things you say about me.
MS. KING: Thank you, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: Not everybody says nice things, but she’s special.
MS. KING: I love you and your family. You’re the best. You’re great.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Come here.
MS. KING: Thank you. Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, darling. Appreciate it.
So with that, we’re going to just end this incredible beginning of a morning. But engraved in the wall very nearby, a quote by the Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. In 1955, he told the world, “We are determined…to work and fight until justice runs down like water, and righteousness like a mighty stream.”
And that’s what it’s going to be. We’re going to bring this country together, maybe bring some of the world together, but we’re going to bring this country together. We have a divided country. It’s been divided for many, many years, but we’re going to bring it together. I hope every day of my presidency we will be honoring the determination and work towards a very worthy goal.
And for Lonnie, and David, and David, and Ben, and Alveda, and everybody, I just want to -- I just have to say that what they’ve done here is something that can probably not be duplicated. It was done with love and lots of money, right Lonnie? (Laughter.) Lots of money. We can’t avoid that. But it was done with tremendous love and passion, and that’s why it’s so great.
So thank you all very much for being here, I appreciate it. And congratulations. This is a truly great museum. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
10:03 A.M. ESTMar-a-Lago Club
Palm Beach, Florida
2:52 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: So I just wanted to announce -- we've been working all weekend very diligently, very hard -- that General H.R. McMaster will become the National Security Advisor. He's a man of tremendous talent and tremendous experience. I watched and read a lot over the last two days. He is highly respected by everybody in the military. And we're very honored to have him. He also has also known for a long time General Keith Kellogg, who I also have gotten to know and he's a terrific man, and they're going to be working together. And Keith is going to be Chief of Staff, and I think that combination is something very, very special.
I met with many other people. Tremendous respect for the people I met with. I know John Bolton we're going to be asking to work with us in a somewhat different capacity. John is a terrific guy. We had some really good meetings with him. He knows a lot. He has a good number of ideas that I must tell you I agree very much with. So we'll be talking to John Bolton in a different capacity. And we’ll be talking to some of the other generals that I've met that I have really, really paid a lot of respect for.
So I think with that, I'd like to ask H.R. to say a couple of words. I'd like to ask Keith to say a couple of words. And then I'll see you back in Washington. We're leaving right now for Washington and the White House.
General.
LT. GENERAL MCMASTER: Mr. President, thank you very much. I'd just like to say what a privilege it is to be able to continue serving our nation. I'm grateful to you for that opportunity, and I look forward to joining the National Security team and doing everything I can to advance and protect the interests of the American people. Thank you very much, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: You're going to do a great job.
LT. GENERAL MCMASTER: Thank you, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: General.
LT. GENERAL KELLOGG: Mr. President, thank you for the opportunity to serve. I'm very honored by it and privileged by it. And I'm very honored and privileged to serve alongside H.R. McMaster, who I've known for years as well. He's a great statesman, he's a great soldier. Thank you, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: And so are you. Thank you very much. What a privilege. This is a great team. We're very, very honored. Our country is lucky to have two people like this. And, frankly, after having met so many of the people in the military, we're lucky to have all of them.
So thank you all very much. I'll see you back in Washington. We're leaving now. Thank you.
Q Did Vice President Pence play a role in helping you?
THE PRESIDENT: He did. He did.
END
2:55 P.M. ESTThe Boeing Company
North Charleston, South Carolina
1:31 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Dennis. And I have to say, I love South Carolina. I love it. (Applause.)
Remember we came down -- all together, we came down, and this was going to be a place that was tough to win, and we won in a landslide. This was a good one. (Applause.) So I want to thank the people of South Carolina and your governor -- tremendous guy. He supported us right from the beginning. So I'd like to thank Governor McMaster for the incredible job. He's right here someplace. Thank you very much. You have been fantastic.
And I have to say also, that is one beautiful airplane. (Applause.) Congratulations to the men and women here who have built it. What an amazing piece of art. What an amazing piece of work.
Thank you, Dennis, for the invitation to be with you today. You know, in the old days, when I made this speech I got paid a lot of money. Now I have to do it for nothing. (Laughter and applause.) Not a good deal, but that's okay. We love it.
It’s wonderful to be back in South Carolina, especially with your new governor. Where is Henry? He's around here someplace. Where is he? Stand up, Henry. Proud of you. He helped us so much. (Applause.)
And I want to also thank your former governor, Nikki Haley, who is doing an awfully good job for us. (Applause.) She's representing America very well as our ambassador to the United Nations. She is doing a spectacular job. It's early, but she has just been really great.
We're here today to celebrate American engineering and American manufacturing. We're also here today to celebrate jobs. Jobs. (Applause.) This plane, as you know, was built right here in the great state of South Carolina. Our goal as a nation must be to rely less on imports and more on products made right here in the U.S.A. (Applause.)
It’s amazing to think that a little over 113 years ago, next door, in North Carolina, Orville Wright was the first man to sail the skies in a very little airplane. The 1903 Wright Flyer was made of mostly wood and cloth. It was so small that Orville's brother, Wilbur, could not join him on the flight. He was always very upset about that. The flight lasted all of 12 seconds, but it was incredible.
That flight was a testament to the American spirit. I see that same spirit everywhere I travel in the country. I saw that spirit all throughout the campaign. We have the greatest people anywhere in the world. We have the greatest spirit, and you just look at what's going on today in our country -- you look at what's happening with jobs. You look at what's happening with plants moving back into our country. All of a sudden, they're coming back. And they're going to be very happy about it, believe me. (Applause.) They're going to be very, very happy. (Applause.)
As your President, I am going to do everything I can to unleash the power of the American spirit and to put our great people back to work. (Applause.) This is our mantra: Buy American and Hire American. (Applause.)
We want products made in America, made by American hands. You probably saw the Keystone pipeline I approved recently, and the Dakota. And I’m getting ready to sign the bill. I said, where is the pipe made? And they told me not here. I said, that's good -- add a little sentence that you have to buy American steel. (Applause.) And you know what? That's the way it is. It’s the way it’s going to be.
We are going to fight for every last American job. We’ve come a long way since the Wright Brothers and their first flight more than a century ago. Your plane is made of carbon fiber. It seats 330 passengers. It’s 18 feet longer than the previous version of the 787. And this airplane can fly for half a day before it touches the ground. The name says it all: Dreamliner. Great name. Our country is all about making dreams come true.
Over the last number of years, that hasn’t been necessarily the case, but we're going to make it the case again. (Applause.)
That’s what we do in America –- we dream of things, and then we build them. We turn vision into reality, and we will be doing a lot more of that, believe me, in the months and years to come. (Applause.)
I also want to say a word to all of the members of the armed forces who are here with us today in this record crowd. (Applause.)
South Carolina has a long, very, very, proud military tradition and history. We salute all South Carolina military families, and we salute all the men and women who wear the uniform. (Applause.)
We are going to fully rebuild our military -- by the way, do you care if we use the F-18 Super Hornets? (Applause.) Or do you only care about -- what do you think? Well -- (jet flies overhead) -- thought that was a Super Hornet. (Laughter.) We are looking seriously at a big order, and we’ll see how that -- you know the problem is that Dennis is a very, very tough negotiator. (Laughter.) But I think we may get there.
We're also working on the Air Force One project, which was a difficult project for previous administrations. But it looks like we're getting closer and closer. (Applause.)
And we’re going to ensure that our great service members have the tools, equipment, training and resources they need to get the job done. (Applause.) As George Washington said, being prepared for war is the best way to prevent it. And that's really what it is: The best way to prevent war, being prepared. Peace through strength. We build a military might so great -- and we are going to do that -- that none will dare to challenge it. None. (Applause.)
We will ensure our men and women in uniform have the latest, the most cutting edge systems in their arsenal. Right now it’s not that way. It will be that way very, very soon. Believe me. You will be an important player in this effort.
Boeing has built many important aircraft -- including, as I said, the F-18 Super Hornet, the F-15 Strike Eagle, and the Apache helicopter, just to name a few. (Applause.)
And I’m being very, very serious -- the new Air Force One, that plane, as beautiful as it looks, is 30 years old. Can you believe it? What can look so beautiful at 30? An airplane. (Laughter.) I don't know. Which one do we like better folks? Tell me. (Applause.)
On every front, we are going to work for the American people. Nowhere in our focus -- and I mean this so strongly -- and our focus has to be so strong, but my focus has been all about jobs. And jobs is one of the primary reasons I’m standing here today as your President, and I will never, ever disappoint you. Believe me. I will not disappoint you. (Applause.)
I campaigned on the promise that I will do everything in my power to bring those jobs back into America. We wanted to make much easier -- it has to be much easier to manufacture in our country and much harder to leave. I don't want companies leaving our country, making their product, selling it back, no tax, no nothing, firing everybody in our country. We're not letting that happen anymore, folks. Believe me. There will be a very substantial penalty to be paid when they fire their people and move to another country, make the product, and think that they're going to sell it back over what will soon be a very, very strong border. Going to be a lot different. It’s going to be a lot different. (Applause.)
Already American industry will come roaring back. And believe me if we -- not me, I’m a messenger -- if we didn't have this victory, we wouldn’t be even talking about it. To achieve that goal, we’re going to massively reduce job-crushing regulations -- already started; you've seen that -- that send our jobs to those other countries. We are going to lower taxes on American business so it’s cheaper and easier to produce product and beautiful things like airplanes right here in America. (Applause.)
We are going to enforce -- very strongly enforce our trade rules and stop foreign cheating. Tremendous cheating. Tremendous cheating. We want products made by our workers, in our factories, stamped with those four magnificent words: Made in the USA. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: U-S-A! U-S-A! U-S-A!
THE PRESIDENT: Since November, jobs have already begun to surge. We’re seeing companies open up factories in America. We’re seeing them keep jobs at home. Ford, General Motors, Fiat-Chrysler -- just to name a very, very few. So many more already. They are keeping and bringing thousands of jobs back in country because the business climate, they know, has already changed.
In Arizona, Intel announced it will open a new plant that will create 10,000 American jobs. They are spending billions of dollars. (Applause.)
We will see more and more of that across the country as we continue to work on reducing regulations, cutting taxes -- including for the middle class, including for everyone, and including for business -- and creating a level playing field for our workers. When there is a level playing field, and I’ve been saying this for a long time, American workers will always, always, always win. But we don’t have a level playing field. Very shortly, you will have a level playing field again. (Applause.) Because when American workers win, America as a country wins -- big league wins.
That’s my message here today. America is going to start winning again -- winning like never, ever before. We are not going to let our country be taken advantage of anymore in any way, shape or form. We love America, and we are going to protect America. We love our workers, and we are going to protect our workers. We are going to fight for our jobs, we are going to fight for our families and we are going to fight to get more jobs and better-paying jobs for the loyal citizens of our country. Believe me. (Applause.)
You’ve heard me say it before, and I will say it again: From now on, it’s going to be America first. (Applause.) Working together as a unit, there is nothing we cannot accomplish -- no task too large, no dream too great, no goal beyond our reach. Just like you built this incredible airplane behind me -- both of them, when you think about it -- we are going to rebuild this country and ensure that every forgotten community has the bright future it deserves. And by the way, those communities are forgotten no longer. The election took care of that. (Applause.)
And we will pass on to our children the freedom and prosperity that is their American birthright. Our children will inherit from us a nation that is strong, that is proud and that is totally free. And each of you will be part of creating that new American future.
I want to thank you, South Carolina. I want to thank the great people of South Carolina. God bless you, may God bless the United States of America, and God bless Boeing. (Applause.)
Thank you, everybody. Thank you.
END
1:47 P.M. ESTTranscript:
My fellow Americans,
We have taken major steps during the first few weeks of my Administration to remove wasteful regulations and get our people back to work. I have been saying I was going to do that for a long time.
This week I signed two pieces of legislation to remove burdens on our economy, continue to keep my promises to the American People and so much more.
I signed House Joint Resolution 38, which eliminates an anti-coal regulation put forward by unelected bureaucrats. Our coal miners have been treated horribly, and we are going to turn that around - and we are going to turn it around quickly. We are going to fight for lower energy prices for all Americans as part of the deal.
That’s why I also signed a resolution to eliminate a costly regulation Dodd-Frank imposed on American energy companies. By stopping this regulation, we are able to save American companies and workers millions and millions of dollars in job-killing compliance costs.
But to truly succeed as a country, we must realize the full potential of women in our economy.
That is why I was thrilled to host the White House’s women’s business leaders roundtable—very exciting, great women.
As President, I am committed to ensuring that women entrepreneurs have equal access to the capital, markets, and networks of support that they need, and I mean really need. And it’s going to happen. This is a priority for my Administration. I campaigned on helping women in the workforce, and we are going to deliver on that promise, believe me.
In fact, as part of my first official meeting with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau this week, we announced the creation of the joint United States-Canada Council for Advancement of Women Entrepreneurs and Business Leaders. Actually, very exciting.
The United States also reaffirmed our unbreakable bond this week with our cherished ally, Israel. It was an honor to welcome my friend, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to the White House.
I affirmed to the Prime Minister America’s commitment to working with Israel and our allies and partners toward greater security and stability. The threat of terrorism—and believe me it is a threat—must be confronted and defeated and we will defeat it.
We share with Israel a deep conviction that we must protect all innocent human life.
So as you head into the President’s Day weekend, the American people should know that we are working tirelessly on your behalf. We are not here for the benefit of bureaucrats, consultants, or pundits—we are here to work for you, and only for you, the American people.
Thank you, God Bless you and God Bless America.3:43 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Okay. We had an exciting news conference before. And some people loved it. I think nobody hated it, but it was -- I think it was very productive. And thank you all for being there, that was very nice. And thank you, all of the wonderful politicians, but -- right, Mitch, especially the miners that are with us, right? So I just want to thank you. Seriously. (Applause.) We appreciate it. We appreciate it very much.
And this is our second bill signing this week as we continue to work for the American people. This is H.J. Resolution 38, and that will eliminate another terrible job-killing rule, saving many thousands of American jobs, especially in the mines, which I’ve been promising you. The mines are a big deal. I’ve had support from some of you folks right from the very beginning, and I won’t forget it. I went to West Virginia and I -- we had 17,000, 18,000 people that couldn’t get into that big arena, right? You were a few of them. But that was some day and some night.
I want to thank Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, House Natural Resources Committee Chairman Rob Bishop -- thank you, Rob -- and Representative Bill Johnson, who worked very hard on this bill. And they really did, they worked very hard. This was a tough one.
I also want to thank the great members of Congress who have joined us today. We have a lot of them. In eliminating this rule, I am continuing to keep my promise to the American people to get rid of wasteful regulations that do nothing -- absolutely nothing -- but slow down the economy, hamstring companies, push jobs to other countries -- which is happening all over, although I must tell you, we’ve stopped it. You’ve seen all the factories, all the plants that are moving back. They’re going back to a lot of places. So you know that, right, fellas? They’re moving back fast. Ford, General Motors, Fiat -- so many. Very happy.
Compliance costs for this rule would be over $50 million a year for the coal industry alone, and it’s unnecessary. I want to also thank the incredible coal miners who are with us today. I think we can maybe thank them the most, right, for -- political leaders. (Applause.) You folks have put up with a lot. And you know, in other countries, they love their coal. Over here, we haven’t treated it with the respect it deserves. Even for defense, having that coal is a very important thing for us. So I want to thank you all.
This rule we’re eliminating it’s a major threat to your jobs, and we’re going to get rid of that threat immediately. We’re going to fight for you like I promised I would in the campaign. And you were very good to me, and I’m going to be even better to you, I promise you that.
And we’re going to fight for, also, low-energy prices for all Americans. There’s a spirit of optimism rising across the country. It’s going to continue to grow as we sign more and more bills. We’re going to make our nation more than competitive -- not just competitive, we’re going to be more than competitive. And we’re going to win at many, many industries. We’re already starting back with the automobile industry. We had the airline industry in the other day. They have rules and regulations that by the time they get through it, it’s -- nothing left, and they have to get rid of a lot of jobs. We had a great meeting, actually.
We had the unions in. We had the workers in. We had a lot of people in, and they were all very excited about what’s happening. And I haven’t looked yet at the stock market, but it’s been going up at record clips. We have a tremendous streak going on. And that’s only because of the optimism. They feel the optimism. And that optimism is creating a lot of jobs.
So it’s an honor to have everybody with us, and, in particular, the miners. We appreciate everything you’ve done, fellas. Thank you very much.
Would anybody like to say a few words? How about one of the miners saying a few words? I hear these guys all the time. I hear Rand all the time. (Laughter.) Come on. Who’d like to -- come on, Mike.
MR. NELSON: President Trump, we thank you very much for everything you’ve done for us. Everything that you’re doing for our industry is very much needed. I’ve been mining in this industry for 40 years, and this is a very exciting time for our industry. Thank you very much.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much.
SENATOR MANCHIN: Tell him where you’re from, Mike.
MR. NELSON: I’m from Morgantown, West Virginia, but I work at the Marion County Coal Company.
THE PRESIDENT: How did I do in that area?
MR. NELSON: Oh, you did great. (Laughter and applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Good. Good. Say something.
CONGRESSWOMAN CAPITO: Well, President Trump --
THE PRESIDENT: You’re a -- you represent.
CONGRESSWOMAN CAPITO: Yes. Representing West Virginia as the Senator, and Senator Manchin and I, and we have our congressional delegation here -- Congressman Jenkins, Congressman McKinley, and Congressman Mooney. This is a lifeline to us, and these miners, they mine in West Virginia. It’s a source of pride for us as a state that we’ve been able to power this country, and that we’ve had the opportunity to provide the energy to this country. And thank you for being a partner with us and being a leader, President Trump, in this. We believe in this, and we believe in your commitment to making sure American miners get back to work. Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. (Applause.)
SENATOR PAUL: This is a big day for Kentucky. We want to thank President Trump for getting rid of this job-killing regulation. It was scheduled to cost us thousands of more jobs. Nobody seemed to care about Kentucky, but I can promise you, Eastern Kentucky voted about 75 percent for Donald J. Trump. (Applause.)
SENATOR MANCHIN: Let me just say something very quickly. There’s not a miner here that’s not an environmentalist. So when people say that we don’t want to do the right thing -- there’s a balance between the environment and the economy, these miners would be the first ones to tell you. They’re out in the woods, they’re hunting, they’re fishing, they’re doing everything possible. All they want is the respect that -- basically they’ve given us the country we have because of the hard work of them and their fathers and grandfathers and all of their family has done.
So I’m so proud. These are all West Virginians too. Makes it even prouder for all of us. So thank you. God bless you.
LEADER MCCONNELL: Well, Mr. President, you know that the last eight years brought a depression -- a depression -- to Eastern Kentucky, and our folks are so excited to have a pro-coal President. And we thank you so much for being on our side. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: Anybody else? Come on. Sure. Absolutely. You deserve it.
LEADER MCCONNELL: Thank you, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: You deserve it. Come on up.
PARTICIPANT: Well, Mr. President, this is an example of what you talked about so much during your campaign. This is what is going to make America great again. This is the legislative branch and you working together to keep the promise that you made to put coal miners back to work and to save the coal industry. If we had not overturned this rule, we were looking at nearly 70,000 jobs across the country, and about 80 percent of our coal reserves being unavailable. So thank you for your willingness to work with us to get this done. It’s very, very important to the coal miners of this country and to our electricity grid. Thank you, Mr. President. (Applause.)
PARTICIPANT: As a 45-year miner, I’m very proud to be in this historic building, and I am very proud to be here with my President of the United States, who keeps his word. And we thank you very much, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: It’s a great honor. (Applause.)
So I want to thank everybody. And tell your friends back in West Virginia and Kentucky and all the other places where we worked -- Wyoming --
SENATOR HEITKAMP: North Dakota.
REPRESENTATIVE JORDAN: Ohio.
THE PRESIDENT: North Dakota. Ohio.
REPRESENTATIVE LAMBORN: Colorado.
THE PRESIDENT: You’re right about that. They have been fantastic. Everybody’s been -- actually, everybody’s been great, and we appreciate it very much. Special people. Special workers. We’re bringing it back, and we’re bringing it back fast. We didn’t have to wait a long period of time. It’s been very few days since I’ve been here, and I think this is long ahead of schedule, right? Wouldn’t you say even --
SENATOR MANCHIN: Absolutely.
THE PRESIDENT: Even you might say -- (laughter) -- this is about four years faster than they thought would have happened. So it’s my honor. And, fellas, go back to work, all right? I think we’ll take them into the Oval Office, right? Let’s take them into the Oval Office. Let’s have a little tour, okay? They’ve probably been there many times before. (Laughter.) Come on. Come with me. Good.
Thank you, everybody. Thank you, very much.
AIDE: Sign the bill here.
THE PRESIDENT: Oh. (Laughter.) I could have gotten away with it.
PARTICIPANT: It’s the important part.
(The President signs the bill.)
END
3:53 P.M. EST12:55 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. I just wanted to begin by mentioning that the nominee for Secretary of the Department of Labor will be Mr. Alex Acosta. He has a law degree from Harvard Law School, was a great student. Former clerk for Justice Samuel Alito. And he has had a tremendous career. He's a member, and has been a member, of the National Labor Relations Board, and has been through Senate confirmation three times, confirmed -- did very, very well. And so Alex, I've wished him the best. We just spoke. And he's going to be -- I think he'll be a tremendous Secretary of Labor.
And also, as you probably heard just a little while ago, Mick Mulvaney, former congressman, has just been approved -- weeks late, I have to say that. Weeks, weeks late. Office of Management and Budget. And he will be, I think, a fantastic addition. Paul Singer has just left. As you know, Paul was very much involved with the anti-Trump, or, as they say, "Never Trump." And Paul just left and he's given us his total support. And it's all about unification. We're unifying the party, and hopefully we're going to be able to unify the country. It's very important to me. I've been talking about that for a long time, but it's very, very important to me. So I want to thank Paul Singer for being here and for coming up to the office. He was a very strong opponent, and now he's a very strong ally. And I appreciate that.
I think I'll say a few words, and then we'll take some questions. And I had this time -- we've been negotiating a lot of different transactions to save money on contracts that were terrible, including airplane contracts that were out of control and late and terrible. Just absolutely catastrophic in terms of what was happening. And we've done some really good work. We're very proud of that.
And then right after that, you prepare yourselves and we'll do some questions -- unless you have no questions. That's always a possibility.
I'm here today to update the American people on the incredible progress that has been made in the last four weeks since my inauguration. We have made incredible progress. I don’t think there's ever been a President elected who, in this short period of time, has done what we've done.
A new Rasmussen poll, in fact -- because the people get it; much of the media doesn’t get it. They actually get it, but they don’t write it -- let's put it that way. But a new Rasmussen poll just came out just a very short while ago, and it has our approval rating at 55 percent and going up. The stock market has hit record numbers, as you know. And there has been a tremendous surge of optimism in the business world, which is -- to me means something much different than it used to. It used to mean, oh, that's good. Now it means that's good for jobs. Very different. Plants and factories are already starting to move back into the United States and big league -- Ford, General Motors, so many of them.
I'm making this presentation directly to the American people with the media present, which is an honor to have you this morning, because many of our nation's reporters and folks will not tell you the truth and will not treat the wonderful people of our country with the respect that they deserve. And I hope going forward we can be a little bit different, and maybe get along a little bit better, if that's possible. Maybe it's not, and that's okay too.
Unfortunately, much of the media in Washington, D.C., along with New York, Los Angeles, in particular, speaks not for the people but for the special interests and for those profiting off a very, very obviously broken system. The press has become so dishonest that if we don’t talk about it, we are doing a tremendous disservice to the American people -- tremendous disservice. We have to talk about it to find out what's going on, because the press honestly is out of control. The level of dishonesty is out of control.
I ran for President to represent the citizens of our country. I am here to change the broken system so it serves their families and their communities well. I am talking, and really talking, on this very entrenched power structure, and what we're doing is we're talking about the power structure, we're talking about its entrenchment. As a result, the media is going through what they have to go through to oftentimes distort -- not all the time -- and some of the media is fantastic, I have to say; they're honest and fantastic. But much of it is not -- the distortion. And we'll talk about it, and you'll be able to ask me questions about it.
But we're not going to let it happen, because I'm here again to take my message straight to the people. As you know, our administration inherited many problems across government and across the economy. To be honest, I inherited a mess -- it’s a mess -- at home and abroad. A mess. Jobs are pouring out of the country. You see what’s going on with all of the companies leaving our country, going to Mexico and other places -- low-pay, low-wages. Mass instability overseas, no matter where you look. The Middle East, a disaster. North Korea -- we’ll take care of it, folks. We're going to take care of it all. I just want to let you know I inherited a mess.
Beginning on day one, our administration went to work to tackle these challenges. On foreign affairs, we've already begun enormously productive talks with many foreign leaders -- much of it you've covered -- to move forward toward stability, security, and peace in the most troubled regions of the world, which there are many.
We've had great conversations with the United Kingdom -- and meetings -- Israel, Mexico, Japan, China, and Canada. Really, really productive conversations. I would say far more productive than you would understand. We've even developed a new council with Canada to promote women’s business leaders and entrepreneurs. It's very important to me, very important to my daughter Ivanka.
I have directed our defense community, headed by our great general, now Secretary Mattis -- he’s over there now, working very hard -- to submit a plan for the defeat of ISIS, a group that celebrates the murder and torture of innocent people in large sections of the world. It used to be a small group, and now it’s in large sections of the world. They've spread like cancer. ISIS has spread like cancer. Another mess I inherited.
And we have imposed new sanctions on the nation of Iran, who’s totally taken advantage of our previous administration. And they're the world’s top sponsor of terrorism. And we're not going to stop until that problem is properly solved. And it’s not properly solved now. It’s one of the worst agreements I’ve ever seen drawn by anybody.
I’ve ordered plans to begin for the massive rebuilding of the United States military. I’ve had great support from the Senate. I’ve had great support from Congress generally. We've pursued this rebuilding in the hopes that we will never have to use this military. And I will tell you that is my -- I would be so happy if we never had to use it. But our country will never have had a military like the military we're about to build and rebuild. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military, but they don't have the right equipment. And their equipment is old. I used it, I talked about it at every stop. Depleted -- it’s depleted. It won’t be depleted for long.
And I think one of the reasons I’m standing here instead of other people is that, frankly, I talked about we have to have a strong military. We have to have strong law enforcement also. So we do not go abroad in the search of war. We really are searching for peace, but it’s peace through strength.
At home, we have begun the monumental task of returning the government back to the people on a scale not seen in many, many years. In each of these actions, I’m keeping my promises to the American people. These are campaign promises. Some people are so surprised that we're having strong borders. Well, that's what I’ve been talking about for a year and a half -- strong borders. They're so surprised -- "oh, you're having strong borders." Well, that's what I’ve been talking about to the press and to everybody else.
One promise after another after years of politicians lying to you to get elected. They lie to the American people in order to get elected. Some of the things I’m doing probably aren’t popular, but they're necessary for security and for other reasons. And then coming to Washington and pursuing their own interests, which is more important to many politicians.
I’m here following through on what I pledged to do. That's all I’m doing. I put it out before the American people. Got 306 Electoral College votes. I wasn’t supposed to get 222. They said there’s no way to get 222; 230 is impossible. Two hundred and seventy, which you need, that was laughable. We got 306 because people came out and voted like they've never seen before. So that's the way it goes. I guess it was the biggest Electoral College win since Ronald Reagan.
In other words, the media is trying to attack our administration because they know we are following through on pledges that we made, and they're not happy about it for whatever reason. But a lot of people are happy about it. In fact, I’ll be in Melbourne, Florida, five o’clock on Saturday, and I heard -- just heard that the crowds are massive that want to be there.
I turn on the TV, open the newspapers, and I see stories of chaos. Chaos! Yet, it is the exact opposite. This administration is running like a fine-tuned machine, despite the fact that I can’t get my Cabinet approved, and they’re outstanding people. Like Senator Dan Coates whose there -- one of the most respected men of the Senate -- he can’t get approved. How do you not approve him? He’s been a colleague, highly respected -- brilliant guy, great guy, everybody knows it -- but waiting for approval.
So we have a wonderful group of people that’s working very hard, that’s being very much misrepresented about, and we can’t let that happen. So if the Democrats, who have -- all you have to do is look at where they are right now -- the only thing they can do is delay, because they’ve screwed things up royally, believe me.
Let me list to you some of the things that we’ve done in just a short period of time. I just got here. I got here with no Cabinet. Again, each of these actions is a promise I made to the American people. So we’ll go over just some of them, and we have a lot happening next week and in the weeks coming. We’ve withdrawn from the job-killing disaster known as Trans-Pacific Partnership. We’re going to make trade deals, but we’re going to have one-on-one deals -- bilateral. We’re going to have one-on-one deals.
We’ve directed the elimination of regulations that undermine manufacturing, and called for expedited approval of the permits needed for America and American infrastructure, and that means plants, equipment, roads, bridges, factories. People take 10, 15, 20 years to get disapproved for a factory. They go in for a permit -- it’s many, many years. And then at the end of the process -- they spend tens of millions of dollars on nonsense -- and at the end of the process, they get rejected. Now, they may be rejected with me, but it’s going to be a quick rejection. It's not going to take years. But mostly, it’s going to be an acceptance. We want plants built, and we want factories built, and we want the jobs. We don’t want the jobs going to other countries.
We’ve imposed a hiring freeze on nonessential federal workers. We’ve imposed a temporary moratorium on new federal regulations. We’ve issued a game-changing new rule that says for each one new regulation, two old regulations must be eliminated. Makes sense. Nobody has ever seen regulations like we have. If you go to other countries and you look at industries they have, and you say, let me see your regulations, and they're a fraction, just a tiny fraction of what we have. And I want regulations because I want safety, I want all environmental situations to be taken properly care of. It’s very important to me. But you don’t need four or five or six regulations to take care of the same thing.
We’ve stood up for the men and women of law enforcement, directing federal agencies to ensure they are protected from crimes of violence. We’ve directed the creation of a task force for reducing violent crime in America, including the horrendous situation -- take a look at Chicago and others -- taking place right now in our inner cities. Horrible. We’ve ordered the Department of Homeland Security and Justice to coordinate on a plan to destroy criminal cartels coming into the United States with drugs. We’re becoming a drug-infested nation. Drugs are becoming cheaper than candy bars, and we’re not going to let it happen any longer.
We’ve undertaken the most substantial border security measures in a generation to keep our nation and our tax dollars safe, and are now in the process of beginning to build a promised wall on the southern border. Met with General, now Secretary, Kelly yesterday and we’re starting that process. And the wall is going to be a great wall, and it’s going to be a wall negotiated by me. The price is going to come down, just like it has on everything else I’ve negotiated for the government. And we’re going to have a wall that works. We’re not going to have a wall like they have now, which is either nonexistent or a joke.
We’ve ordered a crackdown on sanctuary cities that refuse to comply with federal law and that harbor criminal aliens, and we’ve ordered an end to the policy of catch and release on the border. No more release, no matter who you are -- release. We’ve begun a nationwide effort to remove criminal aliens, gang members, drug dealers, and others who pose a threat to public safety. We are saving American lives every single day. The court system has not made it easy for us. And we've even created a new office in Homeland Security dedicated to the forgotten American victims of illegal immigrant violence, of which there are many.
We’ve taken decisive action to keep radical Islamic terrorists out of our country. Though parts of our necessary and constitutional actions were blocked by a judge’s, in my opinion, incorrect and unsafe ruling, our administration is working night and day to keep you safe -- including reporters safe -- and is vigorously defending this lawful order. I will not back down from defending our country. I got elected on defense of our country. And I keep my campaign promises. And our citizens will be very happy when they see the result. They already are. I can tell you that.
Extreme vetting will be put in place, and it already is in place in many places. In fact, we had to go quicker than we thought because of the bad decision we received from a circuit that has been overturned at a record number. I've heard 80 percent -- I find that hard to believe; that's just a number I heard -- that they're overturned 80 percent of the time. I think that circuit is in chaos and that circuit is, frankly, in turmoil. But we are appealing that and we are going further.
We're issuing a new executive action next week that will comprehensively protect our country, so we'll be going along the one path and hopefully winning that. At the same time, we will be issuing a new and very comprehensive order to protect our people, and that will be done some time next week, toward the beginning or middle at the latest part.
We've also taken steps to begin construction of the Keystone Pipeline and Dakota Access Pipelines -- thousands and thousands of jobs -- and put new "Buy American" measures in place to require American steel for American pipelines. In other words, they build a pipeline in this country and we use the powers of government to make that pipeline happen. We want them to use American steel. And they're willing to do that, but nobody ever asked before I came along. Even this order was drawn and they didn't say that. And I'm reading the order, I'm saying, why aren't we using American steel? And they said, that's a good idea. We put it in.
To drain the swamp of corruption in Washington, D.C. I've started by imposing a five-year lobbying ban on White House officials and a lifetime ban on lobbying for a foreign government. We've begun preparing to repeal and replace Obamacare. Obamacare is a disaster, folks. It's a disaster. You can say, oh, Obamacare -- I mean, they fill up our alleys with people that you wonder how they get there, but they're not the Republican people that our representatives are representing. So we've begun preparing to repeal and replace Obamacare and are deep in the midst of negotiations on a very historic tax reform to bring our jobs back. We're bringing our jobs back to this country big league. It's already happening, but big league.
I've also worked to install a Cabinet over the delays and obstruction of Senate Democrats. You've seen what they've done over the last long number of years. That will be one of the great Cabinets ever assembled in American history. You look at Rex Tillerson -- he's out there negotiating right now. General Mattis I mentioned before, General Kelly. We have great, great people. Mick is with us now. We have great people.
Among their responsibilities will be ending the bleeding of jobs from our country and negotiating fair trade deals for our citizens. Now, look, fair trade -- not free -- fair. If a country is taking advantage of us, we're not going to let that happen anymore. Every country takes advantage of us, almost. I may be able to find a couple that don't. But for the most part, that would be a very tough job for me to do.
Jobs have already started to surge. Since my election, Ford announced it will abandon its plans to build a new factory in Mexico and will instead invest $700 million in Michigan, creating many, many jobs. Fiat-Chrysler announced it will invest $1 billion in Ohio and Michigan, creating 2,000 new American jobs. They were with me a week ago. You know -- you were here. General Motors, likewise, committed to invest billions of dollars in its American manufacturing operation, keeping many jobs here that were going to leave. And if I didn't get elected, believe me, they would have left. And these jobs and these things that I'm announcing would never have come here.
Intel just announced that it will move ahead with a new plant in Arizona that probably was never going to move ahead with. And that will result in at least 10,000 American jobs. Walmart announced it will create 10,000 jobs in the United States just this year because of our various plans and initiatives. There will be many, many more. Many more. These are a few that we're naming.
Other countries have been taking advantage of us for decades -- decades and decades and decades, folks. And we’re not going to let that happen anymore. Not going to let it happen.
And one more thing. I have kept my promise to the American people by nominating a justice of the United States Supreme Court, Judge Neil Gorsuch, who is from my list of 20, and who will be a true defender of our laws and our Constitution -- highly respected, should get the votes from the Democrats -- you may not see that, but he’ll get there one way or the other. But he should get there the old-fashioned way, and he should get those votes.
This last month has represented an unprecedented degree of action on behalf of the great citizens of our country. Again, I say it -- there has never been a presidency that’s done so much in such a short period of time. And we haven’t even started the big work that starts early next week. Some very big things are going to be announced next week.
So we’re just getting started. We will be giving a speech, as I said, in Melbourne, Florida, at 5:00 p.m. I hope to see you there. And with that, I’d just say, God bless America, and let’s take some questions.
Mara. Mara, go ahead. You were cut off pretty violently at our last news conference.
Q Did you fire Mike Flynn?
THE PRESIDENT: Mike Flynn is a fine person, and I asked for his resignation. He respectfully gave it. He is a man who -- there was a certain amount of information given to Vice President Pence, who is with us today. And I was not happy with the way that information was given.
He didn’t have to do that, because what he did wasn’t wrong, what he did in terms of the information he saw. What was wrong was the way that other people, including yourselves in this room, were given that information, because that was classified information that was given illegally. That’s the real problem. And you can talk all you want about Russia, which was all a fake news, fabricated deal to try and make up for the loss of the Democrats, and the press plays right into it. In fact, I saw a couple of the people that were supposedly involved with all of this -- they know nothing about it. They weren’t in Russia, they never made a phone call to Russia, they never received a phone call. It’s all fake news. It’s all fake news.
The nice thing is I see it starting to turn, where people are now looking at the illegal, Mara -- and I think it’s very important -- the illegal giving out classified information. And let me just tell you, it was given out, like, so much. I’ll give you an example. I called, as you know, Mexico. It was a very confidential, classified call, but I called Mexico. And in calling Mexico, I figured, oh, well, that’s -- I spoke to the President of Mexico, had a good call. All of a sudden it’s out for the world to see. It’s supposed to be secret. It’s supposed to be either confidential or classified in that case. Same thing with Australia. All of a sudden people are finding out exactly what took place.
The same thing happened with respect to General Flynn. Everybody saw this, and I’m saying -- the first thing I thought of when I heard about it is, how does the press get this information that’s classified? How do they do it? You know why? Because it’s an illegal process, and the press should be ashamed of themselves. But, more importantly, the people that gave out the information to the press should be ashamed of themselves. Really ashamed.
Yes, go ahead.
Q Why did you keep your Vice President in the dark for almost two weeks?
THE PRESIDENT: Because when I looked at the information, I said, I don’t think he did anything wrong. If anything, he did something right. He was coming into office, he looked at the information. He said, huh, that’s fine, that’s what they’re supposed to do. They’re supposed to be -- and he didn’t just call Russia. He called and spoke to, both ways -- I think there were 30-some-odd countries. He’s doing the job.
You know, he was just doing his job. The thing is he didn’t tell our Vice President properly, and then he said he didn’t remember. So either way, it wasn’t very satisfactory to me. And I have somebody that I think will be outstanding for the position, and that also helps, I think, in the making of my decision.
But he didn’t tell the Vice President of the United States the facts, and then he didn’t remember. And that just wasn’t acceptable to me.
Yes.
Q President Trump, since you brought up Russia, I'm looking for some clarification here. During the campaign, did anyone from your team communicate with members of the Russian government or Russian intelligence? And if so, what was the nature of those conversations?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, the failing New York Times wrote a big, long front-page story yesterday. And it was very much discredited, as you know. It was -- it’s a joke. And the people mentioned in the story -- I notice they were on television today saying they never even spoke to Russia. They weren’t even a part, really -- I mean, they were such a minor part -- I hadn’t spoken to them. I think the one person, I don’t think I’ve ever spoken to him. I don’t think I’ve ever met him. And he actually said he was a very low-level member of, I think, a committee for a short period of time. I don’t think I ever met him. Now, it’s possible that I walked into a room and he was sitting there, but I don’t think I ever met him. I didn’t talk to him, ever. And he thought it was a joke.
The other person said he never spoke to Russia, never received a call. Look at his phone records, et cetera, et cetera. And the other person, people knew that he’d represented various countries, but I don't think he represented Russia -- but knew that he represented various countries. That's what he does. I mean, people know that. That's Mr. Manafort, who's, by the way -- who's, by the way, a respected man. He’s a respected man. But I think he represented the Ukraine, or Ukraine government, or somebody. But everybody -- people knew that. Everybody knew that. So these people -- and he said that he has absolutely nothing to do and never has with Russia. And he said that very forcefully. I saw his statement. He said it very forcefully. Most of the papers don't print it because that's not good for their stories.
So the three people that they talked about all totally deny it. And I can tell you, speaking for myself, I own nothing in Russia. I have no loans in Russia. I don't have any deals in Russia. President Putin called me up very nicely to congratulate me on the win of the election. He then called me up extremely nicely to congratulate me on the inauguration, which was terrific. But so did many other leaders -- almost all other leaders from almost all other countries. So that's the extent.
Russia is fake news. Russia -- this is fake news put out by the media. The real news is the fact that people, probably from the Obama administration because they're there -- because we have our new people going in place right now. As you know, Mike Pompeo is now taking control of the CIA. James Comey at FBI. Dan Coats is waiting to be approved. I mean, he is a senator, and a highly respected one. And he’s still waiting to be approved. But our new people are going in.
And just while you're at, because you mentioned this, Wall Street Journal did a story today that was almost as disgraceful as the failing New Times’s story yesterday. And it talked about -- you saw it, front page. So, Director of National Intelligence just put out -- acting -- a statement: “Any suggestion that the United States intelligence community” -- this was just given to us -- “is withholding information and not providing the best possible intelligence to the President and his national security team is not true.”
So they took this front-page story out of The Wall Street Journal -- top -- and they just wrote the story is not true. And I’ll tell you something, I’ll be honest -- because I sort of enjoy this back and forth, and I guess I have all my life, but I’ve never seen more dishonest media than, frankly, the political media. I thought the financial media was much better, much more honest. But I will say that I never get phone calls from the media. How do they write a story like that in The Wall Street Journal without asking me? Or how do they write a story in The New York Times, put it on front page? That was like that story they wrote about the women and me -- front page. Big massive story. And it was nasty.
And then they called. They said, "We never said that. We like Mr. Trump." They called up my office -- we like Mr. Trump; we never said that. And it was totally -- they totally misrepresented those very wonderful women, I have to tell you -- totally misrepresented. I said, give us a retraction. They never gave us a retraction. And, frankly, I then went on to other things.
Go ahead.
Q Mr. President --
THE PRESIDENT: You okay?
Q I am. Just wanted to get untangled. Very simply, you said today that you had the biggest electoral margins since Ronald Reagan with 304 or 306 electoral votes. In fact, President Obama got 365 in 2008.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I’m talking about Republican. Yes.
Q President Obama, 332. George H.W. Bush, 426 when he won as President. So why should Americans trust --
THE PRESIDENT: Well, no, I was told -- I was given that information. I don't know. I was just given. We had a very, very big margin.
Q I guess my question is, why should Americans trust you when you have accused the information they receive of being fake when you're providing information that's fake?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I don't know. I was given that information. I was given -- actually, I’ve seen that information around. But it was a very substantial victory. Do you agree with that?
Q You're the President.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, thank you. That's a good answer. Yes.
Q Mr. President, thank you so much. Can you tell us in determining that Lieutenant General Flynn -- there was no wrongdoing in your mind, what evidence was weighed? Did you have the transcripts of these telephone intercepts with Russian officials, particularly Ambassador Kislyak, who he was communicating with? What evidence did you weigh to determine there was no wrong doing?
And further than that, sir, you've said on a couple of occasions this morning that you were going to aggressively pursue the sources of these leaks.
THE PRESIDENT: We are.
Q Can we ask what you're doing to do? And also, we've heard about a review of the intelligence community headed by Stephen Feinberg. What can you tell us about that?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, first of all, about that, we now have Dan Coats, hopefully soon Mike Pompeo and James Comey, and they're in position. So I hope that we’ll be able to straighten that out without using anybody else. The gentleman you mentioned is a very talented man, very successful man. And he has offered his services, and it’s something we may take advantage of. But I don't think we’ll need that at all because of the fact that I think that we're going to be able to straighten it out very easily on its own.
As far as the general is concerned, when I first heard about it, I said, huh, that doesn't sound wrong. My counsel came -- Don McGahn, White House Counsel -- and he told me, and I asked him, and he can speak very well for himself. He said he doesn't think anything is wrong. He really didn't think -- it was really what happened after that, but he didn't think anything was done wrong. I didn't either, because I waited a period of time and I started to think about it. I said, well, I don't see -- to me, he was doing the job.
The information was provided by -- who I don't know -- Sally Yates -- and I was a little surprised because I said, doesn't sound like he did anything wrong there. But he did something wrong with respect to the Vice President, and I thought that was not acceptable. As far as the actual making the call -- in fact, I've watched various programs and I've read various articles where he was just doing his job. That was very normal. At first, everybody got excited because they thought he did something wrong. After they thought about it, it turned out he was just doing his job.
So -- and I do -- and, by the way, with all of that being said, I do think he's a fine man.
Yes, Jon.
Q On the leaks, sir --
THE PRESIDENT: Go ahead, finish off, then I'll get you, Jon.
Q Sorry, what will you do on the leaks? You have said twice today --
THE PRESIDENT: Yes, we're looking at it very, very seriously. I've gone to all of the folks in charge of the various agencies, and we're -- I've actually called the Justice Department to look into the leaks. Those are criminal leaks. They're put out by people either in agencies. I think you'll see it stopping because now we have our people in. You know, again, we don't have our people in because we can't get them approved by the Senate. We just had Jeff Sessions approved in Justice, as an example. So we are looking into that very seriously. It's a criminal act.
You know what I say -- when I was called out on Mexico, I was shocked. Because all this equipment, all this incredible phone equipment. When I was called out on Mexico, I was -- honestly, I was really, really surprised. But I said, you know, it doesn't make sense, that won't happen. But that wasn't that important to call, it was fine. I could show it to the world and he could show it to the world -- the President who is a very fine man, by the way. Same thing with Australia. I said, that's terrible that it was leaked but it wasn't that important. But then I said, what happens when I'm dealing with the problem of North Korea? What happens when I'm dealing with the problems in the Middle East? Are you folks going to be reporting all of that very, very confidential information -- very important, very -- I mean, at the highest level, are you going to be reporting about that too?
So I don't want classified information getting out to the public. And in a way, that was almost a test. So I'm dealing with Mexico. I'm dealing with Argentina. We were dealing on this case with Mike Flynn. All this information gets put into the Washington Post and gets put into the New York Times. And I'm saying, what's going to happen when I'm dealing on the Middle East? What's going to happen when I'm dealing with really, really important subjects like North Korea? We've got to stop it. That's why it's a criminal penalty.
Yes, Jon.
Q Thank you, Mr. President. I just want to get you to clarify just a very important point. Can you say definitively that nobody on your campaign had any contacts with the Russians during the campaign? And, on the leaks, is it fake news or are these real leaks?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, the leaks are real. You're the one that wrote about them and reported them. I mean, the leaks are real. You know what they said -- you saw it. And the leaks are absolutely real. The news is fake because so much of the news is fake.
So one thing that I felt it was very important to do -- and I hope we can correct it, because there is nobody I have more respect for -- well, maybe a little bit -- than reporters, than good reporters. It's very important to me, and especially in this position. It's very important. I don't mind bad stories. I can handle a bad story better than anybody as long as it's true. And over a course of time, I'll make mistakes and you'll write badly and I'm okay with that. But I'm not okay when it is fake. I mean, I watch CNN -- it's so much anger and hatred and just the hatred. I don't watch it anymore because it's very good -- he's saying no. It's okay, Jim. It's okay, Jim. You’ll have your chance. But I watch others too. You’re not the only one, so don’t feel badly.
But I think it should be straight. I think it should be -- I think it would be, frankly, more interesting. I know how good everybody’s ratings are right now, but I think that actually would be -- I think that it would actually be better.
People -- I mean, you have a lower approval rate than Congress. I think that’s right. I don’t know, Peter, is that one right? Because you know, I think they have lower -- I heard, lower than Congress.
But honestly, the public would appreciate it. I’d appreciate it. Again, I don’t mind bad stories when it’s true. But we have an administration where the Democrats are making it very difficult. I think we’re setting a record, or close to a record in the time of approval of a Cabinet. I mean, the numbers are crazy. When I’m looking -- some of them had them approved immediately. I’m going forever, and I still have a lot of people that we’re waiting for.
And that’s all they’re doing, is delaying. And you look at Schumer and the mess that he’s got over there, and they have nothing going. The only thing they can do is delay. And you know, I think they’d be better served by approving and making sure that they’re happy and everybody is good. And sometimes, I mean -- I know President Obama lost three or four, and you lose them on the way. And that’s okay. That’s fine.
But I think they would be much better served, Jon, if they just went through the process quickly. This is pure delay tactics. And they say it, and everybody understands it.
Yeah, go ahead, Jim.
Q The first part of my question on contacts. Do you definitively say that nobody --
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I had nothing to do with it. I have nothing to do with Russia. I told you, I have no deals there. I have no anything.
Now, when WikiLeaks, which I had nothing to do with, comes out and happens to give -- they’re not giving classified information. They’re giving stuff -- what was said at an office about Hillary cheating on the debates -- which, by the way, nobody mentions. Nobody mentions that Hillary received the questions to the debates.
Can you imagine -- seriously, can you imagine if I received the questions? It would be the electric chair, okay? “He should be put in the electric chair.” You would even call for the reinstitution of the death penalty, okay? Maybe not you, Jon.
Yes, we’ll do you next, Jim. I’ll do you next. Yes?
Q Thank you, Mr. President. I just want to clarify one other thing.
THE PRESIDENT: Sure.
Q Did you direct Mike Flynn to discuss the sanctions with the Russian ambassador?
THE PRESIDENT: No, I didn’t. No, I didn’t.
Q (Inaudible.) (Off mic.)
THE PRESIDENT: No, I didn’t.
Q Did you fire him because (inaudible) --
THE PRESIDENT: Excuse me -- no, I fired him because of what he said to Mike Pence, very simple. Mike was doing his job. He was calling countries and his counterparts. So it certainly would have been okay with me if he did it. I would have directed him to do it if I thought he wasn’t doing it. I didn’t direct him but I would have directed him because that’s his job.
And it came out that way -- and, in all fairness, I watched Dr. Charles Krauthammer the other night say he was doing his job. And I agreed with him. And since then I’ve watched many other people say that.
No, I didn’t direct him, but I would have directed him if he didn’t do it, okay?
Jim.
Q Mr. President, thank you very much. And just for the record, we don’t hate you, I don’t hate you. If you could pass that along.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay. Well, ask Jeff Zucker how he got his job, okay?
Q If I may follow up on some of the questions that have taken place so far, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, not too many. We do have other people. You do have other people, and your ratings aren’t as good as some of the other people that are waiting.
Q They're pretty good right now, actually.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay. Go ahead, Jim.
Q If I may ask, sir, you said earlier that WikiLeaks was revealing information about the Hillary Clinton campaign during the election cycle. You welcomed that at one point.
THE PRESIDENT: I was okay with it.
Q You said you loved WikiLeaks. At another campaign press conference you called on the Russians to find the missing 30,000 emails. I’m wondering, sir, if you --
THE PRESIDENT: Well, she was actually missing 33,000, and then that got extended with a whole pile after that, but that’s okay.
Q Maybe my numbers are off a little bit too.
THE PRESIDENT: No, no, but I did say 30,000, but it was actually higher than that.
Q If I may ask you, sir, it sounds as though you do not have much credibility here when it comes to leaking if that is something that you encouraged in the campaign.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, fair question. Ready?
Q So if I may ask you that -- if I may ask a follow-up --
THE PRESIDENT: No, no, but are you -- let me do one at a time. Do you mind?
Q Yes, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: All right. So in one case you’re talking about highly classified information. In the other case you’re talking about John Podesta saying bad things about the boss. I will say this: If John Podesta said that about me and he was working for me, I would have fired him so fast your head would have spun. He said terrible things about her. But it wasn’t classified information.
But in one case you’re talking about classified. Regardless, if you look at the RNC, we had a very strong -- at my suggestion -- and I give Reince great credit for this -- at my suggestion, because I know something about this world, I said I want a very strong defensive mechanism. I don’t want to be hacked. And we did that, and you have seen that they tried to hack us and they failed.
The DNC did not do that. And if they did it, they could not have been hacked. But they were hacked, and terrible things came. And the only thing that I do think is unfair is some of the things were so -- they were -- when I heard some of those things, I said -- I picked up the papers the next morning, I said, oh, this is going to front page. It wasn’t even in the papers.
Again, if I had that happen to me, it would be the biggest story in the history of publishing or the head of newspapers. I would have been the headline in every newspaper.
I mean, think of it. They gave her the questions for the debate, and she should have reported herself. Why didn’t Hillary Clinton announce that, "I’m sorry, but I have been given the questions to a debate or a town hall, and I feel that it’s inappropriate, and I want to turn in CNN for not doing a good job"?
Q And if I may follow up on that, just something that Jonathan Karl was asking you about -- you said that the leaks are real, but the news is fake. I guess I don't understand. It seems that there is a disconnect there. If the information coming from those leaks is real, then how can the stories be fake?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, the reporting is fake. Look, look --
Q And if I may ask -- I just want to ask one other question.
THE PRESIDENT: Jim, you know what it is? Here’s the thing. The public isn’t -- they read newspapers, they see television, they watch. They don't know if it’s true or false because they're not involved. I’m involved. I’ve been involved with this stuff all my life. But I’m involved. So I know when you're telling the truth or when you're not.
I just see many, many untruthful things. And I tell you what else I see. I see tone. You know the word “tone.” The tone is such hatred. I’m really not a bad person, by the way. No, but the tone is such -- I do get good ratings, you have to admit that. The tone is such hatred.
I watched this morning a couple of the networks, and I have to say “Fox & Friends” in the morning, they're very honorable people. They're very -- not because they're good, because they hit me also when I do something wrong. But they have the most honest morning show. That's all I can say. It’s the most honest. But the tone, Jim. If you look -- the hatred. I mean, sometimes -- sometimes somebody gets --
Q (Off mic.)
THE PRESIDENT: Well, you look at your show that goes on at 10 o’clock in the evening. You just take a look at that show. That is a constant hit. The panel is almost always exclusive anti-Trump. The good news is he doesn't have good ratings. But the panel is almost exclusive anti-Trump. And the hatred and venom coming from his mouth, the hatred coming from other people on your network.
Now, I will say this. I watch it. I see it. I’m amazed by it. And I just think you’d be a lot better off -- I honestly do. The public gets it, you know. Look, when I go to rallies, they turn around, they start screaming at CNN. They want to throw their placards at CNN.
I think you would do much better by being different. But you just take a look. Take a look at some of your shows in the morning and the evening. If a guest comes out and says something positive about me, it’s brutal.
Now, they’ll take this news conference. I’m actually having a very good time, okay? But they’ll take this news conference -- don't forget that's the way I won. Remember, I used to give you a news conference every time I made a speech, which was like every day.
Q (Off mic.)
THE PRESIDENT: No, that's how I won. I won with news conferences and probably speeches. I certainly didn't win by people listening to you people, that's for sure.
But I am having a good time. Tomorrow they will say, Donald Trump rants and raves at the press. I’m not ranting and raving. I’m just telling you, you're dishonest people. But -- but I’m not ranting and raving. I love this. I’m having a good time doing it. But tomorrow the headlines are going to be: Donald Trump Rants and Raves. I’m not ranting and raving.
Q If I may just --
THE PRESIDENT: Go ahead.
Q One more follow-up because --
THE PRESIDENT: Should I let him have a little bit more? What do you think, Peter?
Q Just because of this --
THE PRESIDENT: Peter, should I have let him have a little bit more? Sit down. Sit down.
Q Just because of the attack --
THE PRESIDENT: We’ll get it.
Q Just because of the attack of fake news and attacking our network, I just want to ask you, sir --
THE PRESIDENT: I’m changing it from fake news, though.
Q Doesn't that undermine --
THE PRESIDENT: Very fake news now. (Laughter.)
Q But aren’t you --
THE PRESIDENT: Yes, go ahead.
Q Real news, Mr. President. Real news.
THE PRESIDENT: And you're not related to our new --
Q I am not related, sir, no. (Laughter.) I do like the sound of Secretary Acosta, I must say.
THE PRESIDENT: I looked -- you know, I looked at that name. I said, wait a minute, is there any relation there? Alex Acosta.
Q I’m sure you checked that out, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: No, I checked it. I said -- they said, no, sir. I said, do me a favor, go back and check the family tree.
Q But aren’t you concerned, sir, that you are undermining the people's faith in the First Amendment freedom of the press, the press in this country when you call stories you don't like “fake news”? Why not just say it’s a story I don't like?
THE PRESIDENT: I do that.
Q When you call it fake news, you're undermining confidence --
THE PRESIDENT: No, I do that. No, no, I do that.
Q -- in our news media.
THE PRESIDENT: Here’s the thing.
Q Isn’t that important?
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, I understand -- and you're right about that except this. See, I know when I should get good and when I should get bad. And sometimes I’ll say, wow, that's going to be a great story, and I’ll get killed. I know what’s good and bad. I’d be a pretty good reporter -- not as good as you. But I know what’s good. I know what’s bad.
And when they change it and make it really bad -- something that should be positive. Sometimes something that should be very positive, they’ll make okay. They’ll even make it negative. So I understand it because I’m there. I know what was said. I know who is saying it. I’m there. So it’s very important to me.
Look, I want to see an honest press. When I started off today by saying that it’s so important to the public to get an honest press. The press -- the public doesn't believe you people anymore. Now, maybe I had something to do with that, I don't know. But they don't believe you.
If you were straight and really told it like it is, as Howard Cosell used to say, right? Of course, he had some questions also. But if you were straight, I would be your biggest booster, I would be your biggest fan in the world -- including bad stories about me. But if you go -- as an example, you're CNN -- I mean, it’s story after story after story is bad. I won. I won. And the other thing: Chaos. There’s zero chaos. We are running -- this is a fine-tuned machine. And Reince happens to be doing a good job. But half of his job is putting out lies by the press.
I said to him yesterday, this whole Russia scam that you guys are building so that you don't talk about the real subject, which is illegal leaks. But I watched him yesterday working so hard to try and get that story proper. And I’m saying, here’s my Chief of Staff, a really good guy, did a phenomenal job at RNC. I mean, we won the election, right? We won the presidency. We got some senators. We got some -- all over the country, you take a look, he’s done a great job.
And I said to myself, you know -- and I said to somebody that was in the room -- I said, you take a look at Reince, he’s working so hard just putting out fires that are fake fires. They're fake. They're not true. And isn't that a shame, because he'd rather be working on health care. He'd rather be working on tax reform, Jim. I mean that. I would be your biggest fan in the world if you treated me right. I sort of understand there's a certain bias, maybe by Jeff or somebody -- for whatever reason. And I understand that. But you've got to be at least a little bit fair. And that's why the public sees it -- they see it. They see it's not fair. You take a look at some of your shows and you see the bias and the hatred. And the public is smart. They understand it.
Okay, yeah, go ahead.
Q We have no doubt that your latest story is (inaudible). But for those who believe that there is something to it, is there anything that you have learned over these last few weeks that you might be able to reveal that might ease their concerns that this isn't fake news? And secondly --
THE PRESIDENT: I think they don't believe it. I don't think the public would. That's why the Rasmussen poll just has me through the roof. I don't think they believe it. Well, I guess one of the reasons I'm here today is to tell you the whole Russian thing -- that's a ruse. That's a ruse. And, by the way, it would be great if we could get along with Russia, just so you understand that. Now, tomorrow you'll say, Donald Trump wants to get along with Russia, this is terrible. It's not terrible -- it's good.
We had Hillary Clinton try and do a reset. We had Hillary Clinton give Russia 20 percent of the uranium in our country. You know what uranium is, right? It's this thing called nuclear weapons and other things. Like, lots of things are done with uranium, including some bad things. Nobody talks about that. I didn't do anything for Russia. I've done nothing for Russia. Hillary Clinton gave them 20 percent of our uranium. Hillary Clinton did a reset, remember, with the stupid plastic button that made us all look like a bunch of jerks? Here, take a look. He looked at her like, what the hell is she doing with that cheap plastic button? Hillary Clinton -- that was a reset. Remember? It said "reset."
Now, if I do that, oh, I'm a bad guy. If we could get along with Russia, that's a positive thing. We have a very talented man, Rex Tillerson, who is going to be meeting with them shortly. And I told him, I said, I know politically it's probably not good for me. Hey, the greatest thing I could do is shoot that ship that's 30 miles offshore right out of the water. Everyone in this country is going to say, oh, it's so great. That's not great. That's not great. I would love to be able to get along with Russia.
Now, you've had a lot of Presidents that haven't taken that tact. Look where we are now. Look where we are now. So, if I can -- now, I love to negotiate things. I do it really well and all that stuff, but it's possible I won't be able to get along with Putin. Maybe it is. But I want to just tell you, the false reporting by the media, by you people -- the false, horrible, fake reporting makes it much harder to make a deal with Russia. And probably Putin said, you know -- he's sitting behind his desk and he's saying, you know, I see what's going on in the United States, I follow it closely; it's got to be impossible for President Trump to ever get along with Russia because of all the pressure he's got with this fake story. Okay? And that's a shame. Because if we could get along with Russia -- and, by the way, China and Japan and everyone -- if we could get along, it would be a positive thing, not a negative thing.
Q Tax reform --
Q Mr. President, since you --
THE PRESIDENT: Tax reform is going to happen fairly quickly. We're doing Obamacare -- we're in final stages. We should be submitting the initial plan in March, early March, I would say. And we have to, as you know, statutorily and for reasons of budget, we have to go first. It's not like -- frankly, the tax would be easier, in my opinion, but for statutory reasons and for budgetary reasons, we have to submit the health care sooner. So we'll be submitting health care sometime in early March, mid-March. And after that, we're going to come up -- and we're doing very well on tax reform.
Yes.
Q Mr. President, you mentioned Russia. Let's talk about some serious issues that have come up in the last week that you have had to deal with as President of the United States.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay.
Q You mentioned the vessel, the spy vessel, off the coast of the United States.
THE PRESIDENT: Not good.
Q There was a ballistic missile test that many interpreted as a violation --
THE PRESIDENT: Not good.
Q -- of the agreement between the two countries. And a Russian plane buzzed a U.S. destroyer.
THE PRESIDENT: Not good.
Q I listened to you during the campaign --
THE PRESIDENT: Excuse me, excuse me, when did it happen? It happened when -- if you were Putin right now, you would say, hey, we're back to the old games with the United States. There's no way Trump can ever do a deal with us because the -- you have to understand, if I was just brutal on Russia right now, just brutal, people would say, you would say, oh, isn't that wonderful. But I know you well enough. Then you would say, oh, he was too tough, he shouldn't have done that. Look, of all --
Q I'm just trying to find out your orientation to those --
THE PRESIDENT: Wait a minute. Wait, wait. Excuse me just one second.
Q I'm just trying to find out what you're doing to do about them, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: All of those things that you mentioned are very recent, because probably Putin assumes that he's not going to be able to make a deal with me because it's politically not popular for me to make a deal. So Hillary Clinton tries to reset, it failed. They all tried. But I'm different than those people.
Go ahead.
Q How are you interpreting those moves? And what do you intend to do about them?
THE PRESIDENT: Just the way I said it.
Q Have you given Rex Tillerson any advice or counsel on how to deal?
THE PRESIDENT: I have. I have. And I'm so beautifully represented. I'm so honored that the Senate approved him. He's going to be fantastic.
Yes, I think that I've already --
Q Is Putin testing you, do you believe, sir?
THE PRESIDENT: No, I don't think so. I think Putin probably assumes that he can't make a deal with me anymore because politically it would be unpopular for a politician to make a deal. I can't believe I'm saying I'm a politician, but I guess that's what I am now. Because, look, it would be much easier for me to be tough on Russia, but then we're not going to make a deal.
Now, I don't know that we're going to make a deal. I don't know. We might, we might not. But it would be much easier for me to be so tough -- the tougher I am on Russia, the better. But you know what, I want to do the right thing for the American people. And to be honest, secondarily, I want to do the right thing for the world.
If Russia and the United States actually got together and got along -- and don't forget, we're a very powerful nuclear country and so are they. There's no upside. We're a very powerful nuclear country and so are they. I've been briefed. And I can tell you, one thing about a briefing that we're allowed to say because anybody that ever read the most basic book can say it: Nuclear holocaust would be like no other. They're a very powerful nuclear country and so are we.
If we have a good relationship with Russia, believe me, that's a good thing, not a bad thing.
Q So when you say they're not good, do you mean that they are --
THE PRESIDENT: Who did I say is not good?
Q No, when I read off the three things that have recently happened and each one of them you said they're not good.
THE PRESIDENT: No, it's not good, but they happened.
Q But do they damage the relationship? Do they undermine this country’s ability to work with Russia?
THE PRESIDENT: They all happened recently, and I understand what they’re doing, because they’re doing the same thing. Now, again, maybe I’m not going to be able to do a deal with Russia, but at least I will have tried. And if I don’t, does anybody really think that Hillary Clinton would be tougher on Russia than Donald Trump? Does anybody in this room really believe that? Okay.
But I tell you one thing: She tried to make a deal. She had the reset. She gave all the valuable uranium away. She did other things. You know, they say I’m close to Russia. Hillary Clinton gave away 20 percent of the uranium in the United States. She’s close to Russia. I gave -- you know what I gave to Russia? You know what I gave? Nothing.
Q Can we conclude there will be no response to these particular provocations?
THE PRESIDENT: I’m not going to tell you anything about what response I do. I don’t talk about military response. I don’t say I’m going into Mosul in four months. "We are going to attack Mosul in four months." Then three months later: "We are going to attack Mosul in one month." "Next week, we are going to attack Mosul." In the meantime, Mosul is very, very difficult. Do you know why? Because I don’t talk about military, and I don’t talk about certain other things. You’re going to be surprised to hear that. And, by the way, my whole campaign, I’d say that. So I don’t have to tell you --
Q There will be a response?
THE PRESIDENT: I don’t want to be one of these guys that say, “Yes, here’s what we’re going to do.” I don’t have to do that.
Q There will be a -- in other words, there will be a response, Mr. President?
THE PRESIDENT: I don’t have to tell you what I’m going to do in North Korea. Wait a minute. I don’t have to tell you what I’m going to do in North Korea. And I don’t have to tell you what I’m going to do with Iran. You know why? Because they shouldn’t know. And eventually you guys are going to get tired of asking that question. So when you ask me, what am I going to do with the ship -- the Russian ship, as an example -- I’m not going to tell you. But hopefully, I won’t have to do anything. But I’m not going to tell you. Okay.
Q Thanks.
Q Can I just ask you -- thank you very much, Mr. President -- the Trump --
THE PRESIDENT: Where are you from?
Q BBC.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay. Here’s another beauty.
Q That’s a good line. Impartial, free, and fair.
THE PRESIDENT: Yeah, sure.
Q Mr. President --
THE PRESIDENT: Just like CNN, right?
Q Mr. President, on the travel ban -- we could banter back and forth. On the travel ban, would you accept that that was a good example of the smooth running of government, that fine-tuned --
THE PRESIDENT: Yeah, I do. I do. And let me tell you about the travel --
Q Were there any mistakes in that?
THE PRESIDENT: Wait, wait, wait. I know who you are. Just wait. Let me tell you about the travel ban. We had a very smooth rollout of the travel ban, but we had a bad court. We got a bad decision. We had a court that’s been overturned -- again, maybe wrong, but I think it’s 80 percent of the time. A lot. We had a bad decision. We’re going to keep going with that decision. We’re going to put in a new executive order next week sometime. But we had a bad decision. That’s the only thing that was wrong with the travel ban.
You had Delta with a massive problem with their computer system at the airports. You had some people that were put out there, brought by very nice buses, and they were put out at various locations. Despite that, the only problem that we had is we had a bad court. We had a court that gave us what I consider to be, with great respect, a very bad decision. Very bad for the safety and security of our country. The rollout was perfect.
Now, what I wanted to do was do the exact same executive order but said one thing -- and I said this to my people: Give them a one-month period of time. But General Kelly, now Secretary Kelly, said, if you do that, all these people will come in, in the month -- the bad ones. You do agree, there are bad people out there, right? They’re not everybody that’s like you. You have some bad people out there.
So Kelly said, you can’t do that. And he was right. As soon as he said it, I said, wow, never thought of it. I said, how about one week? He said, no good. You got to do it immediately, because if you do it immediately, they don’t have time to come in. Now, nobody ever reports that, but that’s why we did it quickly.
Now, if would have done it a month, everything would have been perfect. The problems is we would have wasted a lot of time, and maybe a lot of lives, because a lot of bad people would have come into our country.
Now, in the meantime, we’ve vetting very, very strongly. Very, very strongly. But we need help, and we need help by getting that executive order passed.
Q Just a brief follow-up. And if it’s so urgent, why not introduce --
THE PRESIDENT: Yes, go ahead.
Q Thank you. I just was hoping that we could get a yes- or-no answer on one of these questions involving Russia. Can you say whether you are aware that anyone who advised your campaign had contacts with Russia during the course of the election?
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I told you, General Flynn obviously was dealing. So that’s one person. But he was dealing -- as he should have been --
Q During the election?
THE PRESIDENT: No, no, nobody that I know of.
Q So you’re not aware of any contacts during the course of the election?
THE PRESIDENT: Look, look, how many times do I have to answer this question?
Q Can you just say yes or no on it?
THE PRESIDENT: Russia is a ruse. Yeah, I know you have to get up and ask a question, so important. Russia is a ruse. I have nothing to do with Russia, haven’t made a phone call to Russia in years. Don’t speak to people from Russia. Not that I wouldn’t, I just have nobody to speak to. I spoke to Putin twice. He called me on the election -- I told you this -- and he called me on the inauguration, and a few days ago. We had a very good talk, especially the second one -- lasted for a pretty long period of time. I’m sure you probably get it because it was classified, so I’m sure everybody in this room perhaps has it. But we had a very, very good talk. I have nothing to do with Russia. To the best of my knowledge, no person that I deal with does.
Now, Manafort has totally denied it. He denied it. Now, people knew that he was a consultant over in that part of the world for a while, but not for Russia. I think he represented Ukraine or people having to do with Ukraine, or people that -- whoever. But people knew that. Everybody knew that.
Q But in his capacity as your campaign manager, was he in touch with Russian officials during the election?
THE PRESIDENT: I have -- you know what, he said no. I can only tell you what he -- now, he was replaced long before the election. You know that, right? He was replaced long before the election. When all of this stuff started coming out, it came out during the election. But Paul Manafort, who’s a good man also, by the way -- Paul Manafort was replaced long before the election took place. He was only there for a short period of time.
How much longer should we stay here, folks? Five more minutes, is that okay? Five?
Q Mr. President, on national security --
THE PRESIDENT: Wait, let’s see, who’s -- I want to find a friendly reporter. Are you a friendly reporter? Watch how friendly he is. Wait, wait -- watch how friendly he is. Go ahead. Go ahead.
Q So, first of all, my name is (inaudible) from (inaudible) Magazine. And (inaudible). I haven’t seen anybody in my community accuse either yourself or any of the -- anyone on your staff of being anti-Semitic. We have an understanding of (inaudible).
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you.
Q However, what we are concerned about, and what we haven’t really heard be addressed is an uptick in anti-Semitism and how the government is planning to take care of it. There have been reports out that 48 bomb threats have been made against Jewish centers all across the country in the last couple of weeks. There are people who are committing anti-Semitic acts or threatening to --
THE PRESIDENT: You see, he said he was going to ask a very simple, easy question. And it’s not. It’s not. Not a simple question, not a fair question. Okay, sit down. I understand the rest of your question.
So here’s the story, folks. Number one, I am the least anti-Semitic person that you’ve ever seen in your entire life. Number two, racism -- the least racist person. In fact, we did very well relative to other people running as a Republican.
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: Quiet, quiet, quiet. See, he lied about -- he was going to get up and ask a very straight, simple question. So you know, welcome to the world of the media. But let me just tell you something -- that I hate the charge. I find it repulsive. I hate even the question because people that know me -- and you heard the Prime Minister, you heard Netanyahu yesterday -- did you hear him, Bibi? He said, I’ve known Donald Trump for a long time, and then he said, forget it.
So you should take that, instead of having to get up and ask a very insulting question like that.
Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead.
Q Thank you. I’m Lisa from the PBS --
THE PRESIDENT: See, it just shows you about the press, but that’s the way the press is.
Q Thank you, Mr. President. Lisa Desjardins from the PBS Newshour.
THE PRESIDENT: Good.
Q On national security and immigration, can you give us more details on the executive order you planned for next week, even its broad outlines? Will it be focused on specific countries?
THE PRESIDENT: It’s a very fair question.
Q And in addition, on the DACA program for immigration, what is your plan? Do you plan to continue that program or to end it?
THE PRESIDENT: We’re going to show great heart. DACA is a very, very difficult subject for me, I will tell you. To me, it’s one of the most difficult subjects I have, because you have these incredible kids, in many cases -- not in all cases. In some of the cases they’re having DACA and they’re gang members and they’re drug dealers too. But you have some absolutely incredible kids -- I would say mostly -- they were brought here in such a way -- it's a very, very tough subject.
We are going to deal with DACA with heart. I have to deal with a lot of politicians, don't forget, and I have to convince them that what I'm saying is right. And I appreciate your understanding on that.
But the DACA situation is a very, very -- it's a very difficult thing for me. Because, you know, I love these kids. I love kids. I have kids and grandkids. And I find it very, very hard doing what the law says exactly to do. And you know, the law is rough. I'm not talking about new laws. I'm talking the existing law is very rough. It's very, very rough.
As far as the new order, the new order is going to be very much tailored to what I consider to be a very bad decision, but we can tailor the order to that decision and get just about everything, in some ways more. But we're tailoring it now to the decision. We have some of the best lawyers in the country working on it. And the new executive order is being tailored to the decision we got down from the court. Okay?
Q Mr. President, Melania Trump announced the reopening of the White House Visitors Office.
THE PRESIDENT: Yes.
Q And she does a lot of great work for the country as well. Can you tell us a little bit about what First Lady Melania Trump does for the country? And there is a unique level of interest in your administration, so by opening the White House Visitors Office, what does that mean to you?
THE PRESIDENT: Now, that's what I call a nice question. That is very nice. Who are you with?
Q (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: Good. I'm going to start watching. Thank you very much.
Melania is terrific. She was here last night. We had dinner with Senator Rubio and his wife, who is, by the way, lovely. And we had a really good discussion about Cuba because we have very similar views on Cuba. And Cuba was very good to me in the Florida election as you know, the Cuban people, Americans. And I think that Melania is going to be outstanding. That's right, she just opened up the Visitors Center -- in other words, touring of the White House.
She, like others that she's working with, feels very, very strongly about women's issues, women's difficulties, very, very strongly. And she's a very, very strong advocate. I think she's a great representative for this country. And a funny thing happens because she gets so unfairly maligned. The things they say -- I've known her for a long time. She was a very successful person. She was a very successful model. She did really well. She would go home at night and didn't even want to go out with people. She was a very private person. She was always the highest quality that you'll ever find. And the things they say -- and I've known her for a long time -- the things they say are so unfair. And actually, she's been apologized to, as you know, by various media because they said things that were lies.
I'd just tell you this: I think she's going to be a fantastic First Lady. She's going to be a tremendous representative of women and of the people. And helping her and working with her will be Ivanka, who is a fabulous person and a fabulous, fabulous woman. And they're not doing this for money. They're not doing this for pay. They're doing this because they feel it, both of them. And Melania goes back and forth, and after Barron finishes school -- because it's hard to take a child out of school with a few months left -- she and Barron will be moving over to the White House. Thank you. That's a very nice question.
Go ahead.
Q Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Yes. Oh, this is going to be a bad question but that's okay.
Q No, it's not going to be a bad question.
THE PRESIDENT: Good, because I enjoy watching you on television.
Q Well, thank you so much. Mr. President, I need to find out from you -- you said something as it relates to inner cities. That was one of your platforms during your campaign.
THE PRESIDENT: Fix the inner cities, yes.
Q Fixing the inner cities. What will be that fix and your urban agenda, as well as your HBCU executive order that's coming out this afternoon? See, it wasn't bad, was it?
THE PRESIDENT: That was very professional and very good.
Q I'm very professional.
THE PRESIDENT: We'll be announcing the order in a little while, and I'd rather let the order speak for itself. But it will be something I think that will be very good for everybody concerned. But we'll talk to you about that after we do the announcement.
As far as the inner cities, as you know, I was very strong on the inner cities during the campaign. I think it's probably what got me a much higher percentage of the African American vote than a lot of people thought I was going to get. We did much higher than people thought I was going to get and I was honored by that, including the Hispanic vote, which was also much higher. And, by the way, if I might add, including the women's vote, which was much higher than people thought I was going to get.
So we are going to be working very hard on the inner cities having to do with education, having to do with crime. We're going to try and fix as quickly as possible -- you know it takes a long time. It's taken 100 years or more for some of these places to evolve, and they evolved many of them very badly.
But we’re going to be working very hard on health and health care; very, very hard on education. And also, we’re going to working in a stringent way, and a very good way, on crime. You go to some of these inner city places, and it’s so sad when you look at the crime. You have people -- and I’ve seen this, and I’ve sort of witnessed it. In fact, in two cases, I have actually witnessed it. They lock themselves into apartments, petrified to even leave, in the middle of the day. They’re living in hell. We can’t let that happen. So we’re going to be very, very strong.
It’s a great question, and it’s a very difficult situation, because it’s been many, many years. It’s been festering for many, many years. But we have places in this country that we have to fix. We have to help African American people that, for the most part are stuck there -- Hispanic American people. We have Hispanic American people that are in the inner cities, and they’re living in hell.
I mean, you look at the numbers in Chicago. There are two Chicagos, as you know. There’s one Chicago that’s incredible, luxurious and all, and safe. There’s another Chicago that’s worse than almost any of the places in the Middle East that we talk about, and that you talk about every night on the newscasts. So we’re going to do a lot of work on the inner cities. I have great people lined up to help with the inner cities.
Q Well, when you say -- when you say the inner cities, are you going to include the CBC, Mr. President, in your conversations with your urban agenda, your inner city agenda, as well as your --
THE PRESIDENT: Am I going include who?
Q Are you going to include the Congressional Black Caucus and the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, as well as --
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I would. I tell you what, do you want to set up the meeting? Do you want to set up the meeting?
Q No, no, no.
THE PRESIDENT: Are they friends of yours?
Q I’m just a reporter.
THE PRESIDENT: No, go ahead, set up the meeting.
Q I know some of them, but I’m sure they’re watching right now.
THE PRESIDENT: Let’s go set up a meeting. I would love to meet with the Black Caucus. I think it’s great -- the Congressional Black Caucus. I think it’s great. I actually thought I had a meeting with Congressman Cummings, and he was all excited, and then he said, oh, I can’t move, it might be bad for me politically, I can’t have that meeting. I was all set to have the meeting. You know, we called him and called him, and he was all set. I spoke to him on the phone. Very nice guy.
Q I hear he wanted that meeting with you as well.
THE PRESIDENT: He wanted it. But we called, called, called, called -- they can’t make a meeting with him. Every day, I walked in, I said, I would like to meet with him. Because I do want to solve the problem. But he probably was told by Schumer or somebody like that -- some other lightweight -- he was probably told -- he was probably told, don’t meet with Trump, it’s bad politics. And that’s part of the problem of this country.
Okay, one more. Go ahead.
Q Yes, Mr. President, two questions --
THE PRESIDENT: No, no. One question. Two, we can’t handle. This room can’t handle two. Go ahead, give me the better of your two.
Q (Inaudible) it's not about your personality or your beliefs. We’re talking about (inaudible) around the country, some of it by supporters in your name. What do you --
THE PRESIDENT: And some of it -- and can I be honest with you? And this has to do with racism and horrible things that are put up. Some of it written by our opponents. You do know that. Do you understand that? You don’t think anybody would do a thing like that. Some of the signs you’ll see are not put up by the people that love or like Donald Trump, they’re put up by the other side, and you think it’s like playing it straight. No. But you have some of those signs, and some of that anger is caused by the other side. They’ll do signs and they’ll do drawings that are inappropriate. It won’t be my people. It will be the people on the other side to anger people like you. Okay.
Go ahead.
Q You are the President now. What are you going to do about it?
THE PRESIDENT: Who is that? Where is that? Oh, stand up. You can --
Q What are you going to do about the tensions that have been discussed?
THE PRESIDENT: Oh, I’m working on it. No, I’m working on it very hard.
Q Are you going to give a speech?
THE PRESIDENT: No, no, look. Hey, just so you understand, we had a totally divided country for eight years, and long before that, in all fairness to President Obama. Long before President Obama, we have had a very divided. I didn’t come along and divide this country. This country was seriously divided before I got here.
We’re going to work on it very hard. One of the questions that was asked -- I thought it was a very good question -- was about the inner cities. I mean, that’s part of it. But we’re going to work on education. We’re going to work on lack -- you know, we’re going to stop -- we’re going to try and stop the crime. We have great law enforcement officials. We’re going to try and stop crime. We’re not going to try and stop, we’re going to stop crime.
But it’s very important to me. But this isn’t Donald Trump that divided a nation. We went eight years with President Obama, and we went many years before President Obama. We lived in a divided nation. And I am going to try -- I will do everything within my power to fix that.
I want to thank everybody very much. It’s a great honor to be with you. Thank you. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
END
2:13 P.M. EST10:53 A.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you all for being here. I had a lot of good discussions this morning. I'm negotiating a lot of contracts that are saving billions and billions of dollars for the American people and for all of us, and I'm very proud of it.
You know, the F-35 fighter jet, the Air Force One program, which was totally out of control and now it's back where it's supposed to go, and many other things. In addition, I had a very good phone call this morning about a major plant that's moving back into the United States. We'll be talking about it soon.
And what I do have is a little free time at about 12 o'clock. So I don't think the press will want to show up, but I think I'll have a press conference probably at 12 o'clock in the East Room. We had a little time in between things. So if the press would like to show up -- will anybody show up to that press conference? (Laughter.) Historically, they didn't care about these things. For me, they show up. So I think 12 o'clock in the East Room of the White House we'll have a press conference.
I just want to thank you folks for coming today. This was good. This was scheduled a long time ago -- some of my very, very early supporters. And I've been your supporter also. We're doing really well. The fake-news media doesn't like talking about the economy; I never see anything about the stock market sets new records every day. I never see it. But I think the people understand it.
We're giving a speech in Melbourne, Florida on Saturday. I think it's going to be around 4 o'clock. and I hear the tickets, you can't get them, but that's okay. It's better than you have too many, right? So it's going to be great. I look forward to that. So that will be Melbourne at 4 o'clock.
I really appreciate you folks. You folks have been so great. And right from the beginning, and, Tom, right at the beginning. Just about every one of you, right at the beginning. Some of you were a little after the beginning. (Laughter.) But we forgive. But we forgive.
Let's go around, just for the media, and you'll introduce yourselves and then we'll start talking, and I'll see the media back at 12 o'clock.
Chris?
CONGRESSMAN COLLINS: Well, Mr. President, we're all honored to be here. This is really our Trump caucus reconvening for the first time in a little bit, but our first meeting was the first part of March. Duncan Hunter and I both endorsed you on February 24th, a week from tomorrow. So it’s the one-year anniversary. But this is the Trump caucus, reconvening, and we’re just so honored you’re taking time out of your busy schedule to be with us.
THE PRESIDENT: These are real friends.
CONGRESSMAN COLLINS: Western New York.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. That’s right.
CONGRESSMAN HUNTER: Duncan Hunter, Mr. President, from San Diego, California.
CONGRESSMAN CRAMER: Kevin Cramer from North Dakota.
CONGRESSMAN SHUSTER: Bill Shuster from Western Pennsylvania and chairman of the transportation committee.
THE PRESIDENT: That’s right. We’re going to give you some money for transportation. That’s good. Good territory.
CONGRESSMAN REED: Mr. President, Tom Reed. It was a pleasure to travel with you to Florida.
THE PRESIDENT: That’s right.
CONGRESSMAN REED: Congratulations.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thank you.
CONGRESSMAN MARINO: Mr. President, Tom Marino from Williamsburg, Pennsylvania. And please indulge me for 30 seconds. I have something for you.
THE PRESIDENT: Uh oh. (Laughter.)
PARTICIPANT: Something for you to sign, I think he means. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: I think this is great.
CONGRESSMAN MARINO: This is a portrait by an engineer -- a gentleman, Joe Padmerino(ph), who -- 60-some years old. Never voted. Never registered. He registered for you and voted for you, and he asked me to give this to you. There’s a nice letter there. I’m sorry, Mr. Vice President -- but that’s that. I’ll set this over here.
THE PRESIDENT: That’s beautiful. Thank you.
CONGRESSMAN MARINO: (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: He’s a talented guy, I can see that.
CONGRESSMAN MARINO: And the other thing here is --
THE PRESIDENT: It's nice.
CONGRESSMAN MARINO: -- the chairman and CEO of Little League World Series baseball here.
THE PRESIDENT: Right.
CONGRESSMAN MARINO: And, Mr. Vice President, I kind of figured that you would be here as well, so this is from the New York team last year that was in the World Series. That’s for you. And this is a jersey that -- an original jersey of the New York team in the World Series last year. And this is for you as well.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. (Laughter and applause.) Okay. All right. Thank them for me.
CONGRESSMAN MARINO: I will do that.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank them for me. Rick, we know who you are.
CONGRESSMAN DESJARLAIS: Scott DesJarlais from Tennessee. And I just want you to know that Tennessee was falling behind in March -- and we're excited about the work you’re doing. We know that health care and tax reform has to be done this year, and we like the work you’re doing, and we need you to help us.
THE PRESIDENT: We’re going to get it done. And the health care is going really well. And now that we finally have Tom, Tom Price -- so that’s a big thing. I mean, we couldn’t get him.
We are going to be announcing -- I guess I’ll do it at 12 o'clock -- a new Secretary of Labor, who is really phenomenal. So that will be at 12 o'clock. And we’re getting -- I mean, this is the slowest in history, the approval of a Cabinet. And these people are outstanding people. The man I’ll be announcing for Labor is a star, great person. A great person.
And so I look forward to that. But I appreciate everything you've done. You've been fantastic, and I appreciate that. Thank you.
CONGRESSMAN KELLY: Mr. President, good to see you. Mike Kelly.
THE PRESIDENT: I know, Mike.
CONGRESSMAN KELLY: From right above Pittsburgh, up near Erie. Thanks so much. What an exciting summer we had together.
THE PRESIDENT: We did okay.
CONGRESSMAN KELLY: We did better than okay.
THE PRESIDENT: We took an area that wasn’t a big Republican area, and we swamped them, right? (Laughter.)
CONGRESSMAN KELLY: We did. We did. Thirty-four years since Erie actually voted for a Republican.
THE PRESIDENT: Wow.
CONGRESSMAN KELLY: Thanks to you.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much.
CONGRESSMAN KELLY: Yes, sir.
CONGRESSMAN LONG: Billy Long, Missouri 7th. And I’m co-chair of the Congressional Study Group on Japan. I’m going to be leading the delegation to Japan Saturday, meeting with Prime Minister Abe on Monday.
THE PRESIDENT: He’s a great guy.
CONGRESSMAN LONG: So if you will tell me how many golf balls he lost in Florida. I don't know how many House of Representative golf balls to take. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: He played well, I'll tell you. And you know, we played with Ernie Els. I called up Billy -- I said, see if you can get me somebody good to play with; I have the Prime Minister of Japan who wants to play golf. So we get to the front of the club, and Ernie Els is waiting for us. He said, when you're ready. So we had a good time.
No, he played very nicely, and he’s a great guy. You're going to like him. I like him.
CONGRESSMAN LONG: Oh, yeah, I’ve met him the last three or four years -- met with him there. He’s a great guy. And I knew you all would hit it off because you're both people persons and a great personalities.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, we had a good feeling.
CONGRESSMAN LONG: So I knew you guys would get along good.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I always said about President Obama, it’s great to play golf, but play golf with heads of countries. And, by the way, people like yourself, when you're looking for votes, don't play with your friends who you play with every week. (Laughter.) Does that make sense?
CONGRESSMAN LONG: Yeah, it does.
THE PRESIDENT: I hit it off with the Prime Minister. He is a fabulous guy. He’s -- loves his country. And we spoke all day long and well into the night. As you know, they launched a missile in North Korea, and we were discussing that. So it was really something.
But have a good time over there.
CONGRESSMAN LONG: I will.
THE PRESIDENT: And give him my regards.
CONGRESSMAN LONG: Ambassador Sasae was in my district for two full days, and he mentioned he was with you down there to play golf.
THE PRESIDENT: He was.
CONGRESSMAN LONG: He’s another great guy -- he and his wife both.
THE PRESIDENT: They're all good.
CONGRESSMAN LONG: One last quick thing. Fran Drescher, from “The Nanny” --
THE PRESIDENT: Right.
CONGRESSMAN LONG: -- said you were on “The Nanny” one time. She has a request with her battle for cancer that you have a cancer board that has one non-medical person. So she wanted me to put her name in the hat for that. My daughter came through a successful cancer battle.
THE PRESIDENT: She’s fought hard. She’s fought hard. Yes. You know what, if you would, Billy, why don't you give me that request? And we’ll see if we can do that.
CONGRESSMAN LONG: We will. I’ll give it to your people. Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Marsha.
CONGRESSWOMAN BLACKBURN: Yes, I’m Marsha Blackburn from Tennessee. I chair the Telecommunications and Technology Subcommittee of Energy and Commerce. And we are looking forward to broadband expansion. Go broadband!
THE PRESIDENT: We're going to get it.
CONGRESSWOMAN BLACKBURN: Yes. All right.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, everybody. I’ll see you at 12 o’clock if you want. If you don't want, don't be there. (Laughter.) If you don't show up, I won’t be offended. (Laughter.)
Q Are you going to find some of those leakers, Mr. President?
THE PRESIDENT: We're going to find the leakers. We're going to find the leakers. They're going to pay a big price for leaking. It’s all about the leakers. You know the Russians are just a muse -- it’s all about the leakers.
END
11:01 A.M. EST[As prepared by White House stenographer in real time]
East Room
12:15 P.M. EST
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Thank you. Today I have the honor of welcoming my friend, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, to the White House. With this visit, the United States again reaffirms our unbreakable bond with our cherished ally, Israel. The partnership between our two countries built on our shared values has advanced the cause of human freedom, dignity and peace. These are the building blocks of democracy.
The state of Israel is a symbol to the world of resilience in the face of oppression -- I can think of no other state that's gone through what they've gone -- and of survival in the face of genocide. We will never forget what the Jewish people have endured.
Your perseverance in the face of hostility, your open democracy in the face of violence, and your success in the face of tall odds is truly inspirational. The security challenges faced by Israel are enormous, including the threat of Iran's nuclear ambitions, which I've talked a lot about. One of the worst deals I've ever seen is the Iran deal. My administration has already imposed new sanctions on Iran, and I will do more to prevent Iran from ever developing -- I mean ever -- a nuclear weapon.
Our security assistance to Israel is currently at an all-time high, ensuring that Israel has the ability to defend itself from threats of which there are unfortunately many. Both of our countries will continue and grow. We have a long history of cooperation in the fight against terrorism and the fight against those who do not value human life. America and Israel are two nations that cherish the value of all human life.
This is one more reason why I reject unfair and one-sided actions against Israel at the United Nations -- just treated Israel, in my opinion, very, very unfairly -- or other international forums, as well as boycotts that target Israel. Our administration is committed to working with Israel and our common allies in the region towards greater security and stability. That includes working toward a peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians. The United States will encourage a peace and, really, a great peace deal. We'll be working on it very, very diligently. Very important to me also -- something we want to do. But it is the parties themselves who must directly negotiate such an agreement. We'll be beside them; we'll be working with them.
As with any successful negotiation, both sides will have to make compromises. You know that, right? (Laughter.)
PRIME MINISTER NETANYAHU: Both sides.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I want the Israeli people to know that the United States stands with Israel in the struggle against terrorism. As you know, Mr. Prime Minister, our two nations will always condemn terrorist acts. Peace requires nations to uphold the dignity of human life and to be a voice for all of those who are endangered and forgotten.
Those are the ideals to which we all, and will always, aspire and commit. This will be the first of many productive meetings. And I, again, Mr. Prime Minister, thank you very much for being with us today.
Mr. Prime Minister, thank you.
PRIME MINISTER NETANYAHU: President Trump, thank you for the truly warm hospitality you and Melania have shown me, my wife Sara, our entire delegation. I deeply value your friendship. To me, to the state of Israel, it was so clearly evident in the words you just spoke -- Israel has no better ally than the United States. And I want to assure you, the United States has no better ally than Israel.
Our alliance has been remarkably strong, but under your leadership I’m confident it will get even stronger. I look forward to working with you to dramatically upgrade our alliance in every field -- in security, in technology, in cyber and trade, and so many others. And I certainly welcome your forthright call to ensure that Israel is treated fairly in international forums, and that the slander and boycotts of Israel are resisted mightily by the power and moral position of the United States of America.
As you have said, our alliance is based on a deep bond of common values and common interests. And, increasingly, those values and interests are under attack by one malevolent force: radical Islamic terror. Mr. President, you’ve shown great clarity and courage in confronting this challenge head-on. You call for confronting Iran’s terrorist regime, preventing Iran from realizing this terrible deal into a nuclear arsenal. And you have said that the United States is committed to preventing Iran from getting nuclear weapons. You call for the defeat of ISIS. Under your leadership, I believe we can reverse the rising tide of radical Islam. And in this great task, as in so many others, Israel stands with you and I stand with you.
Mr. President, in rolling back militant Islam, we can seize an historic opportunity -- because, for the first time in my lifetime, and for the first time in the life of my country, Arab countries in the region do not see Israel as an enemy, but, increasingly, as an ally. And I believe that under your leadership, this change in our region creates an unprecedented opportunity to strengthen security and advance peace.
Let us seize this moment together. Let us bolster security. Let us seek new avenues of peace. And let us bring the remarkable alliance between Israel and the United States to even greater heights.
Thank you. Thank you, Mr. President.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you. Again, thank you.
We’ll take a couple of questions. David Brody, Christian Broadcasting. David.
Q Thank you, Mr. President, Mr. Prime Minister. Both of you have criticized the Iran nuclear deal, and at times even called for its repeal. I’m wondering if you’re concerned at all as it relates to not just the National Security Advisor, Michael Flynn, who is recently no longer here, but also some of those events that have been going on with communication in Russia -- if that is going to hamper this deal at all, and whether or not it would keep Iran from becoming a nuclear state.
And secondly, on the settlement issue, are you both on the same page? How do you exactly term that as it relates to the settlement issue? Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Michael Flynn, General Flynn is a wonderful man. I think he’s been treated very, very unfairly by the media -- as I call it, the fake media, in many cases. And I think it’s really a sad thing that he was treated so badly. I think, in addition to that, from intelligence -- papers are being leaked, things are being leaked. It’s criminal actions, criminal act, and it’s been going on for a long time -- before me. But now it’s really going on, and people are trying to cover up for a terrible loss that the Democrats had under Hillary Clinton.
I think it’s very, very unfair what’s happened to General Flynn, the way he was treated, and the documents and papers that were illegally -- I stress that -- illegally leaked. Very, very unfair.
As far as settlements, I’d like to see you hold back on settlements for a little bit. We’ll work something out. But I would like to see a deal be made. I think a deal will be made. I know that every President would like to. Most of them have not started until late because they never thought it was possible. And it wasn’t possible because they didn't do it.
But Bibi and I have known each other a long time -- a smart man, great negotiator. And I think we're going to make a deal. It might be a bigger and better deal than people in this room even understand. That's a possibility. So let’s see what we do.
PRIME MINISTER NETANYAHU: Let’s try it.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Doesn't sound too optimistic, but -- (laughter) -- he’s a good negotiator.
PRIME MINISTER NETANYAHU: That's the “art of the deal.” (Laughter.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I also want to thank -- I also want to thank -- Sara, could you please stand up? You're so lovely and you've been so nice to Melania. I appreciate it very much. (Applause.) Thank you.
Your turn.
PRIME MINISTER NETANYAHU: Yes, please. Go ahead.
Q Thank you very much. Mr. President, in your vision for the new Middle East peace, are you ready to give up the notion of two-state solution that was adopted by previous administration? And will you be willing to hear different ideas from the Prime Minister, as some of his partners are asking him to do, for example, annexation of parts of the West Bank and unrestricted settlement constructions? And one more question: Are you going to fulfill your promise to move the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem? And if so, when?
And, Mr. Prime Minister, did you come here tonight to tell the President that you're backing off the two-state solution?
Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: So I’m looking at two-state and one-state, and I like the one that both parties like. (Laughter.) I’m very happy with the one that both parties like. I can live with either one.
I thought for a while the two-state looked like it may be the easier of the two. But honestly, if Bibi and if the Palestinians -- if Israel and the Palestinians are happy, I’m happy with the one they like the best.
As far as the embassy moving to Jerusalem, I’d love to see that happen. We're looking at it very, very strongly. We're looking at it with great care -- great care, believe me. And we’ll see what happens. Okay?
PRIME MINISTER NETANYAHU: Thank you. I read yesterday that an American official said that if you ask five people what two states would look like, you’d get eight different answers. Mr. President, if you ask five Israelis, you’d get 12 different answers. (Laughter.)
But rather than deal with labels, I want to deal with substance. It’s something I’ve hoped to do for years in a world that's absolutely fixated on labels and not on substance. So here’s the substance: There are two prerequisites for peace that I laid out two years -- several years ago, and they haven’t changed.
First, the Palestinians must recognize the Jewish state. They have to stop calling for Israel’s destruction. They have to stop educating their people for Israel’s destruction.
Second, in any peace agreement, Israel must retain the overriding security control over the entire area west of the Jordan River. Because if we don't, we know what will happen -- because otherwise we’ll get another radical Islamic terrorist state in the Palestinian areas exploding the peace, exploding the Middle East.
Now, unfortunately, the Palestinians vehemently reject both prerequisites for peace. First, they continue to call for Israel’s destruction -- inside their schools, inside their mosques, inside the textbooks. You have to read it to believe it.
They even deny, Mr. President, our historical connection to our homeland. And I suppose you have to ask yourself: Why do - - why are Jews called Jews? Well, the Chinese are called Chinese because they come from China. The Japanese are called Japanese because they come from Japan. Well, Jews are called Jews because they come from Judea. This is our ancestral homeland. Jews are not foreign colonialists in Judea.
So, unfortunately, the Palestinians not only deny the past, they also poison the present. They name public squares in honor of mass murderers who murdered Israelis, and I have to say also murdered Americans. They fund -- they pay monthly salaries to the families of murderers, like the family of the terrorist who killed Taylor Force, a wonderful young American, a West Point graduate, who was stabbed to death while visiting Israel.
So this is the source of the conflict -- the persistent Palestinian refusal to recognize the Jewish state in any boundary; this persistent rejection. That's the reason we don't have peace. Now, that has to change. I want it to change. Not only have I not abandoned these two prerequisites of peace; they've become even more important because of the rising tide of fanaticism that has swept the Middle East and has also, unfortunately, infected Palestinian society.
So I want this to change. I want those two prerequisites of peace -- substance, not labels -- I want them reinstated. But if anyone believes that I, as Prime Minister of Israel, responsible for the security of my country, would blindly walk into a Palestinian terrorist state that seeks the destruction of my country, they're gravely mistaken.
The two prerequisites of peace -- recognition of the Jewish state, and Israel's security needs west of the Jordan -- they remain pertinent. We have to look for new ways, new ideas on how to reinstate them and how to move peace forward. And I believe that the great opportunity for peace comes from a regional approach from involving our newfound Arab partners in the pursuit of a broader peace and peace with the Palestinians.
And I greatly look forward to discussing this in detail with you, Mr. President, because I think that if we work together, we have a shot.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: And we have been discussing that, and it is something that is very different, hasn't been discussed before. And it's actually a much bigger deal, a much more important deal, in a sense. It would take in many, many countries and it would cover a very large territory. So I didn't know you were going to be mentioning that, but that's -- now that you did, I think it's a terrific thing and I think we have some pretty good cooperation from people that in the past would never, ever have even thought about doing this. So we'll see how that works out.
Katie from Townhall. Where's Katie? Right there. Katie.
Q Thank you, Mr. President. You said in your earlier remarks that both sides will have to make compromises when it comes to a peace deal. You've mentioned a halt on settlements. Can you lay out a few more specific compromises that you have in mind, both for the Israelis and for the Palestinians?
And, Mr. Prime Minister, what expectations do you have from the new administration about how to either amend the Iran nuclear agreement or how to dismantle it altogether, and how to overall work with the new administration to combat Iran's increased aggression, not only in the last couple of months but the past couple of years as well?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: It's actually an interesting question. I think that the Israelis are going to have to show some flexibility, which is hard, it's hard to do. They're going to have to show the fact that they really want to make a deal. I think our new concept that we've been discussing actually for a while is something that allows them to show more flexibility than they have in the past because you have a lot bigger canvas to play with. And I think they'll do that.
I think they very much would like to make a deal or I wouldn't be happy and I wouldn't be here and I wouldn't be as optimistic as I am. I really think they -- I can tell you from the standpoint of Bibi and from the standpoint of Israel, I really believe they want to make a deal and they'd like to see the big deal.
I think the Palestinians have to get rid of some of that hate that they're taught from a very young age. They're taught tremendous hate. I've seen what they're taught. And you can talk about flexibility there too, but it starts at a very young age and it starts in the school room. And they have to acknowledge Israel -- they're going to have to do that. There's no way a deal can be made if they're not ready to acknowledge a very, very great and important country. And I think they're going to be willing to do that also. But now I also believe we're going to have, Katie, other players at a very high level, and I think it might make it easier on both the Palestinians and Israel to get something done.
Okay? Thank you. Very interesting question. Thank you.
PRIME MINISTER NETANYAHU: You asked about Iran. One thing is preventing Iran from getting nuclear weapons -- something that President Trump and I think are deeply committed to do. And we are obviously going to discuss that.
I think, beyond that, President Trump has led a very important effort in the past few weeks, just coming into the presidency. He pointed out there are violations, Iranian violations on ballistic missile tests. By the way, these ballistic missiles are inscribed in Hebrew, "Israel must be destroyed." The Palestinian -- rather the Iranian Foreign Minister Zarif said, well, our ballistic missiles are not intended against any country. No. They write on the missile in Hebrew, "Israel must be destroyed."
So challenging Iran on its violations of ballistic missiles, imposing sanctions on Hezbollah, preventing them, making them pay for the terrorism that they foment throughout the Middle East and beyond, well beyond -- I think that's a change that is clearly evident since President Trump took office. I welcome that. I think it's -- let me say this very openly: I think it's long overdue, and I think that if we work together -- and not just the United States and Israel, but so many others in the region who see eye to eye on the great magnitude and danger of the Iranian threat, then I think we can roll back Iran's aggression and danger. And that's something that is important for Israel, the Arab states, but I think it's vitally important for America. These guys are developing ICBMs. They're developing -- they want to get to a nuclear arsenal, not a bomb, a hundred bombs. And they want to have the ability to launch them everywhere on Earth, and including, and especially, eventually, the United States.
So this is something that is important for all of us. I welcome the change, and I intend to work with President Trump very closely so that we can thwart this danger.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Great. Do you have somebody?
PRIME MINISTER NETANYAHU: Moav (ph)?
Q Mr. President, since your election campaign and even after your victory, we’ve seen a sharp rise in anti-Semitic incidents across the United States. And I wonder what you say to those among the Jewish community in the States, and in Israel, and maybe around the world who believe and feel that your administration is playing with xenophobia and maybe racist tones.
And, Mr. Prime Minister, do you agree to what the President just said about the need for Israel to restrain or to stop settlement activity in the West Bank? And a quick follow-up on my friend’s questions -- simple question: Do you back off from your vision to the end of the conflict of two-state solution as you laid out in Bar-Ilan speech, or you still support it? Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I just want to say that we are very honored by the victory that we had -- 306 Electoral College votes. We were not supposed to crack 220. You know that, right? There was no way to 221, but then they said there’s no way to 270. And there’s tremendous enthusiasm out there.
I will say that we are going to have peace in this country. We are going to stop crime in this country. We are going to do everything within our power to stop long-simmering racism and every other thing that’s going on, because lot of bad things have been taking place over a long period of time.
I think one of the reasons I won the election is we have a very, very divided nation. Very divided. And, hopefully, I’ll be able to do something about that. And, you know, it was something that was very important to me.
As far as people -- Jewish people -- so many friends, a daughter who happens to be here right now, a son-in-law, and three beautiful grandchildren. I think that you’re going to see a lot different United States of America over the next three, four, or eight years. I think a lot of good things are happening, and you’re going to see a lot of love. You’re going to see a lot of love. Okay? Thank you.
PRIME MINISTER NETANYAHU: I believe that the issue of the settlements is not the core of the conflict, nor does it really drive the conflict. I think it’s an issue, it has to be resolved in the context of peace negotiations. And I think we also are going to speak about it, President Trump and I, so we can arrive at an understanding so we don’t keep on bumping into each other all the time on this issue. And we’re going to discuss this.
On the question you said, you just came back with your question to the problem that I said. It’s the label. What does Abu Mazen mean by two states, okay? What does he mean? A state that doesn’t recognize the Jewish state? A state that basically is open for attack against Israel? What are we talking about? Are we talking about Costa Rica, or are we talking about another Iran?
So obviously it means different things. I told you what are the conditions that I believe are necessary for an agreement: It’s the recognition of the Jewish state and it's Israel’s -- Israel’s -- security control of the entire area. Otherwise we’re just fantasizing. Otherwise we’ll get another failed state, another terrorist Islamist dictatorship that will not work for peace but work to destroy us but also destroy any hope -- any hope -- for a peaceful future for our people.
So I’ve been very clear about those conditions, and they haven’t changed. I haven’t changed. If you read what I said eight years ago, it’s exactly that. And I repeated that again, and again, and again. If you want to deal with labels, deal with labels. I’ll deal with substance.
And finally, if I can respond to something that I know from personal experience. I’ve known President Trump for many years, and to allude to him, or to his people -- his team, some of whom I’ve known for many years, too. Can I reveal, Jared, how long we’ve known you? (Laughter.) Well, he was never small. He was always big. He was always tall.
But I’ve known the President and I’ve known his family and his team for a long time, and there is no greater supporter of the Jewish people and the Jewish state than President Donald Trump. I think we should put that to rest.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Very nice. I appreciate that very much.
PRIME MINISTER NETANYAHU: Thank you.
END
12:42 P.M. EST10:40 A.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: So it's nice to see we have some great retailers here today and we're going to go around the room and we'll all introduce ourselves. Some of you I've read about on the covers of business magazines and it's great to have you here. Thank you very much.
I'm pleased to host all of you at the White House. The CEOs -- you're some of the great CEOs of our country and the biggest in the retail industry, which is very important to the country in supporting millions and millions of jobs -- really one of the great job producers. Probably, would you say, almost number one? Pretty close, right?
MR. KUSHNER: I agree.
THE PRESIDENT: It is number one.
There's a lot of confidence in our economy right now. There's a great confidence level. You've been seeing that in the stock market. You've been seeing that in businesses. And you've been seeing that at every chart that's taken. There's evidence also by the jobs report that just came out for January -- 227,000 jobs added. My administration remains very focused on the issues that will encourage economic growth -- that's what we're all about. We have a lot of plants moving back into various states, including the state of Ohio, the state of Michigan, Pennsylvania. You have a lot of companies moving back in, coming back into the country, bringing the jobs with them.
We're cutting regulations big league. We are really cutting them by massive amounts. The auto industry just left a week ago -- they were here in the same room -- and they are very happy with what we're doing and everyone is. I think just about every -- the financial industry. We're having a lot of the different industries in and we're cutting regulations in just about every industry. In fact, I can't think of any that we're not. If I do, we have a major story, okay, because I think just every industry we're cutting, some more than others. You have a very, very big regulatory problem and we're going to take care of that because I want more jobs. We're doing that because we want more jobs.
As you know, the overregulation costs our economy an estimated $2 trillion a year, which is incredible -- $2 trillion -- and it costs your businesses a lot of money, tremendous amounts of money and time. I've taken executive action to create a permanent structure of regulatory reduction by creating one and one. So basically, for every one regulation, two are out. So we knock out two. So we put in one, but to put in one, you have to knock out two. That's the least of it, but it's an important symbol.
In addition to reducing government regulations, we'll also reform our tax code to help middle-income families and American businesses grow and thrive. Tax reform is one of the best opportunities to really impact our economy. So we're doing a massive tax plan. It's coming along really well. It will be submitted in the not-too-distant future, and it will be not only good and simpler; it will be -- you're talking about big numbers of savings. And we're talking also middle income and very much for business. And the business is for middle income because you can employ a lot of people. So we hope you're going to do that.
We're going to provide tax relief for families. We're going to simplify very greatly the tax code -- it's too complicated. We're going to bring down the number of alternatives, and I think it's going to be just a much, much simpler tax code. In fact, H&R Block probably won't be too happy -- that's one business that might not be happy with what we're doing. Other than H&R Block, I think people are going to love it.
We're going to lower the rates very, very substantially for virtually everybody in every category, including personal and business. And I just want to go around the room. I'd like you to introduce yourself and then I'll tell you a little bit more, and you're going to tell me what you're looking for. But we want jobs. We want jobs brought back to the country. We want them brought back fast. We want you to expand your stores. And you'll tell me why you will or why you won't. And tell me why you won't -- we'll work on you a little bit, right, Vice President Mike Pence? (Laughter.)
So go ahead.
MS. SOLTAU: I'm Jill Soltau. I'm with JoAnn Fabric and Craft Stores.
MR. PECK: Art Peck with The Gap.
THE PRESIDENT: Good. Very good.
MR. JOLY: Hubert Joly with Best Buy.
THE PRESIDENT: Good. Great store.
MR. RHODES: I'm Bill Rhodes with AutoZone.
MR. CORNELL: Brian Cornell with Target.
THE PRESIDENT: Good. The Tar-get -- right? (Laughter.)
MR. PESSINA: Stefano Pessina, Walgreens Boots Alliance.
MR. SANDFORT: Greg Sandfort with Tractor Supply.
THE PRESIDENT: Yes.
MR. ELLISON: Marvin Ellison with J.C. Penney.
THE PRESIDENT: I read a good report on you. (Laughter.) Good job.
MR. ELLISON: Thank you. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: So maybe we go around the room a little bit. I guess we can let the press go now, right? Do you suggest that? Go ahead. Thank you all very much.
END
10:46 A.M. EST2:18 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much. This is a big signing, a very important signing. And this is H.J. Resolution 41, disapproving the Securities and Exchange Commission's rule on disclosure of payments by resource extraction issuers. It's a big deal. And I want to thank Speaker Paul Ryan for being here. He's been tremendous. Jeb Hensarling very, very important and really worked hard. Representative Bill Huizenga and all of the friends -- Peter -- all of my friends are up here. And we really appreciate it.
This is one of many that we've signed, and we have many more left. And we're bringing back jobs big league, we're bringing them back at the plant level; we've bringing them back at the mine level. The energy jobs are coming back. And it's -- you see what's going on with the stock market. They know that we know what we're doing, so it's going up.
So I think what I'm going to do, if I might, can I ask you to say a few words?
REPRESENTATIVE HUIZENGA: My pleasure, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Bill Huizenga.
**: So this is the first CRA that has been signed by the President. I'm very pleased to be the author of House Joint Resolution 41. Over 20 years, there's been 56,000 rules that have been put in place with very little legislative input or oversight, and it's time that changed. And I'm very thankful to the President, the Speaker, our Chairman Hensarling for being able to make this happen. And we think this is a good first step. So I'm very pleased. Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: I'll sign it -- we may have to give him the pen. Congratulations. Great job. You've done a fantastic job.
(The President signs H.J. Resolution 41.)
THE PRESIDENT: A lot of people going back to work now. (Applause.) He's working on Obamacare -- it's going to be very soon. Right?
SPEAKER RYAN: Yes.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you all very much.
END
2:20 P.M. EST10:50 A.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I am delighted to welcome everybody to the White House. And Betsy DeVos, who has gone through -- our new Education Secretary -- she went through an interesting moment. And you're going to do a fantastic job, and I know you would have done it again if you had to do it again, right? (Laughter.)
SECRETARY DEVOS: Probably.
THE PRESIDENT: She had no doubt that final night, waiting for the vote. So I just want to congratulate you. You showed toughness and genius.
As I said many times in my campaign, we want every child in America to have the opportunity to climb the ladder to success. I want every child also to have a safe community, and we're going to do that very much. We're going to be helping you a lot -- a great school and some day to get a really well-paying job or better, or better; own their own company. And a lot of people are looking at that.
But it all begins with education, and that's why we're here this morning. And I'm here also to celebrate a little bit with Betsy because we started this journey a long time ago, having to do with change and so many other good things with education. And I'm so happy that that all worked out.
Right now, too many of our children don't have the opportunity to get that education that we all talk about. Millions of poor, disadvantaged students are trapped in failing schools and this crisis -- and it really is a crisis -- of education and communities working together but not working out. And we're going to change it around, especially for the African American communities. It's been very, very tough and unfair. And I know that's a priority and it's a certainly a priority of mine.
That's why I want every single disadvantaged child in America, no matter what their background or where they live, to have a choice about where they go to school. And it's worked out so well in some communities where it's been properly run and properly done. And it's a terrific thing.
Charter schools, in particular, have demonstrated amazing gains and results. And you look at the results -- we have cases in New York City that have been amazing in providing education to disadvantaged children and the success of so many different schools that I can name throughout the country that I got to see during the campaign. I went to one in Las Vegas; it was the most unbelievable thing you've ever seen. And they've done a fantastic job.
So there are many such schools and we want to do that on a large-scale basis. We can never lose sight of the connection between education and jobs. I'm bringing a lot of jobs back. We're bringing a lot of big plants back into the country -- everyone said it was impossible. And before I even took office, we started the process and tremendous numbers of plants are coming back into this country -- car plants and other plants. And I have meetings next week with four or five different companies, big ones that are going to bring massive numbers of jobs back.
So we're doing it from the jobs standpoint, but education only makes it better. Our goal is a clear and very safe community, great schools, and we want those jobs that are high-paying jobs -- we've lost a lot of our best jobs to other countries and we're going to bring them back.
So I’m going to do my job, and Betsy, at the education level, will do her job. And just to do it very, very formally, I want to congratulate you on having gone through a very tough trial and a very unfair trial, and you won. And there’s something very nice about that. And I’ll tell you the real winner will be the children -- I guess a couple of adults (inaudible) -- but will be the children of this country. And I just want to congratulate you.
SECRETARY DEVOS: Thank you, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Perhaps we’ll go around the room. And everybody knows our fantastic Vice President, Mike Pence. But if we went around the room, it would be very nice. So why don’t we start? Betsy, you might want to say a few words to us.
SECRETARY DEVOS: Well, Mr. President and Mr. Vice President, I am just very honored to have the opportunity to serve America’s students, and I’m really excited to be here today with parents and educators representing traditional public schools, charter public schools, homeschools, private schools, a range of choices. And we’re eager to listen and learn from you your ideas for how we can ensure that all of our kids have an equal opportunity for a high-quality, great education and therefore an opportunity for the future.
So again, I just wanted to have the opportunity to serve, and looking forward to fulfilling the mission that you set forward.
THE PRESIDENT: It’s our honor -- believe me, Betsy.
Kenneth.
MR. SMITH: Ken Smith, educator helping at-risk kids get through school. Vice President, it actually has the largest application of jobs for America’s graduates in the country. And in a minute we’ll talk about that as a solution.
THE PRESIDENT: Great. Good.
Laura.
MS. PARRISH: Laura Parrish, I’m from Falls Church, Virginia. I homeschool my 10- and my 13-year-old.
THE PRESIDENT: Good. Very good.
Mary.
MS. RINER: My name is Mary. I’m a charter school parent here in D.C., and considered the best school in America.
THE PRESIDENT: You think, huh? (Laughter.)
MS. RINER: I know.
THE PRESIDENT: I like that.
MS. RINER: According to U.S. News & World Report.
THE PRESIDENT: Really? Is that right? Wow.
Jennifer.
MS. COLEMAN: I am Jennifer Coleman. I am from Prince William County, Virginia. I am the mother of six, and I homeschool my oldest four; they are grades kindergarten through seven. And before that I was a private school teacher.
THE PRESIDENT: Very good.
MR. CIRENZA: Bartholomew Cirenza. I’m a parent of seven, and my kids have gone through both private and public school, and I see differences, and --
THE PRESIDENT: Big difference.
MR. CIRENZA: Big difference.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay.
MS. BAUMANN: Good morning, I’m Julie. I teach special education at a public school in New Jersey.
THE PRESIDENT: Very good. Thank you.
MS. QUENNVILLE: Hi, I’m Jane Quennville, and I’m a principal of a special-ed center in Virginia serving children ages five through twenty-two with autism and physical and medically fragile conditions.
THE PRESIDENT: How is that going?
MS. QUENNVILLE: Well --
THE PRESIDENT: Have you seen an increase in the autism with the children?
MS. QUENNVILLE: Yes, yes. In fact, our school has shifted its population -- saw more children with autism, definitely.
THE PRESIDENT: So what’s going on with autism? When you look at the tremendous increases, really, it’s such an incredible -- it’s like really a horrible thing to watch, the tremendous amount of increase. Do you have any idea? And you’re seeing it in the school?
MS. QUENNVILLE: Yes, I think -- I mean, I think the statistics, I believe, are 1 in 66, 1 in 68 children are diagnosed with autism.
THE PRESIDENT: And now it’s going to be even lower --
MS. QUENNVILLE: Probably.
THE PRESIDENT: -- which is just amazing. Well, maybe we can do something.
MS. BONILLA: I am Carol Bonilla. I teach Spanish in a private elementary school in Arlington. I teach the students in fourth through eighth grade.
THE PRESIDENT: Very good. Thank you.
MS. VIANA: Good morning, Mr. Vice President, Mr. President. My name is Aimee Viana. I’m the parent of two children -- fifth grade and second grade -- and I live right outside of Raleigh, North Carolina in Cary, and I’m also a former educator in public and private schools.
THE PRESIDENT: Fantastic. Thank you. So thank you all very much. Let’s get going.
END
10:58 P.M. EST8:42 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: It is my great honor tonight to present to the American people our new Treasury Secretary of the United States, Steven Mnuchin.
Steven, I want to congratulate you. A lot of people wanted that position, Steven. A lot of people. A lot of very successful people. But I've known you for a long time, and I know how smart you are and how great you will be for our country. So congratulations to you, to Louise, and to your whole family.
Americans should know that Steven -- our nation's financial system is truly in great hands. With him, we're going to have no problem, believe me. Once again, with this appointment, I am following through on my promise to appoint only the very best and the very brightest.
Steven is a financial legend with an incredible track record of success. I've watched this over the years. He's been my friend for many, many years. Everything he's touched has turned to gold. He's done an amazing job. And that's what we want for our country.
He has distinguished himself through decades of achievement in finance and in banking, and has a degree of skill, talent, and insight that few will ever be able to match. He has spent his entire career making money in the private sector, and that's okay -- especially when you're Secretary of Treasury. That's what we want. Now he will go to work on behalf of the American taxpayer.
To all citizens I say: Steven will be your champion, and a great champion. He will fight for middle-class tax reductions, financial reforms that open up lending and create millions of new jobs, and fiercely defend the American tax dollar and our financial security. And he will also defend our manufacturing jobs from those who cheat and steal and rob us blind. It won't be that anymore. We won't have that anymore. Countries and others won't be able to take advantage of us. It's a whole new era.
Steven knows the system and he will help ensure that Wall Street plays by the rules. He will use his insights to get the best possible result, most importantly for the American worker. They've been treated very unfairly for a long time. Not anymore. He will put his skills to work for America's working families, and he will help make America the greatest jobs magnet on the face of the Earth. It will truly be for our country, for the first time in a long time, a rising tide that lifts all boats and that lifts all ships.
Steven, I want to again congratulate you and Louise on this unbelievably high honor. This is one of the great honors. I know you will carry your office with dedication, integrity and passion -- tremendous passion. You have much -- very important work ahead for the American citizens, and you will have absolutely no problem. He'll work 24 hours a day -- I know him. He'll work 28 hours a day, if they give the extra four hours. He will be very, very special.
So I'd like to just say, so importantly, God bless you, God bless America, and congratulations. Thank you, Steven. (Applause.)
(The Secretary is sworn in.)
SECRETARY MNUCHIN: Mr. President, I want to thank you for this extraordinary opportunity to serve you and the country as the Secretary of Treasury. It has been a great experience to travel around the country with you for the last year, seeing so many parts of this country and meeting hundreds of business leaders.
I share your economic vision and goals, and committed to working with you to enact policies, to grow the economy, and make better economic opportunities for all Americans.
I would also like to thank Vice President Pence for the honor of swearing me in and for all your support in this job. There have been so many people that have helped me in this process, and I want to thank them all as they helped prepare me for the role of Secretary. And I want to thank them.
It's a great honor to follow in the footsteps of Alexander Hamilton and so many great Treasury Secretaries. I look forward to working with the entire great staff of the Treasury Department. I am committed to using the full powers of this office to create more jobs, to combat terrorist activities and financing, and to make America great again.
Thank you. (Applause.)
END
8:49 P.M. ESTEast Room
2:16 P.M. EST
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Prime Minister Trudeau, on behalf of all Americans, I thank you for being with us today. It is my honor to host such a great friend, neighbor, and ally at the White House, a very special place. This year, Canada celebrates the 150th year of Confederation. For Americans, this is one of the many milestones in our friendship, and we look forward -- very much forward, I must say -- to many more to come.
Our two nations share much more than a border. We share the same values. We share the love, and a truly great love, of freedom. And we share a collective defense. American and Canadian troops have gone to battle together, fought wars together, and forged the special bonds that come when two nations have shed their blood together -- which we have.
In these dangerous times, it is more important than ever that we continue to strengthen our vital alliance. The United States is deeply grateful for Canada’s contribution to the counter-ISIS effort. Thank you. And we continue to work in common, and in common cause, against terrorism, and work in common cooperation toward reciprocal trade and shared growth.
We understand that both of our countries are stronger when we join forces in matters of international commerce. Having more jobs and trade right here in North America is better for both the United States and is also much better for Canada. We should coordinate closely -- and we will coordinate closely -- to protect jobs in our hemisphere and keep wealth on our continent, and to keep everyone safe.
Prime Minister, I pledge to work with you in pursuit of our many shared interests. This includes a stronger trading relationship between the United States and Canada. It includes safe, efficient, and responsible cross-border travel and migration. And it includes close partnership on domestic and international security.
America is deeply fortunate to have a neighbor like Canada. We have before us the opportunity to build even more bridges, and bridges of cooperation and bridges of commerce. Both of us are committed to bringing greater prosperity and opportunity to our people.
We just had a very productive meeting with women business leaders from the United States and Canada, where we discussed how to secure everything that we know the full power of women can do better than anybody else. We know that. I just want to say, Mr. Prime Minister, that I'm focused and you're focused on the important role women play in our economies. We must work to address the barriers faced by women and women entrepreneurs, including access to capital, access to markets, and, very importantly, access to networks.
In our discussion today we will focus on improving the ways our government and our governments together can benefit citizens of both the United States and Canada, and, in so doing, advance the greater peace and stability of the world.
Mr. Prime Minister, I look forward to working closely with you to build upon our very historic friendship. There are incredible possibilities for us to pursue, Canada and the United States together.
Again, thank you for joining us, and I know our discussions will be very, very productive for the future of both countries.
Mr. Prime Minister.
PRIME MINISTER TRUDEAU: Thank you, Mr. President. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you very much for joining us.
I'd first like to start by extending my sincere thanks to President Trump for inviting me down to Washington. Any day I get to visit our southern neighbors is a good day in my book, particularly when it's so nice and warm compared to what it is back home. We are suffering under a significant winter storm that's hitting our Atlantic provinces particularly harsh, so I just want to send everyone back at home my thoughts as they shovel out, and impress on everyone to stay safe.
(As interpreted from French.) The President and myself have had a very productive first meeting today. We had the opportunity to get to know one another better, and, more importantly, we had the opportunity to talk about the unique relationship between Canada and the United States.
(In English.) Ends on both sides of the 49th parallel have understood that the bond between our nations is a special one. No other neighbors in the entire world are as fundamentally linked as we are. We've fought in conflict zones together, negotiated environmental treaties together, including 1991's historic Air Quality Agreement. And we've entered into groundbreaking economic partnerships that have created good jobs for both of our peoples.
Canadians and Americans alike share a common history as well as people-to-people ties that make us completely and totally integrated. Our workers are connected by trade, transportation and cross-border commerce. Our communities rely on each other for security, stability and economic prosperity. Our families have long lived together and worked together. We know that, more often than not, our victories are shared. And just as we celebrate together, so too do we suffer loss and heartbreak together.
Through it all, the foundational pillar upon which our relationship is built is one of mutual respect. And that's a good thing, because as we know, relationships between neighbors are pretty complex and we won't always agree on everything. But because of our deep, abiding respect for one another, we're able to successfully navigate those complexities and still remain the closest of allies and friends. Make no mistake -- at the end of the day, Canada and the U.S. will always remain each other's most essential partner.
And today's conversations have served to reinforce how important that is for both Canadians and Americans. As we know, 35 U.S. states list Canada as their largest export market, and our economies benefit from the over $2 billion in two-way trade that takes place every single day. Millions of good, middle-class jobs on both sides of the border depend on this crucial partnership. Maintaining strong economic ties is vital to our mutual success, and we're going to continue to work closely together over the coming years so that Canadian and American families can get ahead.
(As interpreted from French.) As we know, 35 U.S. states list Canada as their largest export market and our economies benefit from the over $2 billion in two-way trade that takes place every single day. Millions of good, middle-class jobs on both sides of the border depend on this crucial partnership. Maintaining strong economic ties is vital to our mutual success, and we’re going to continue to work closely together over the coming years so that Canadian and American families can get ahead.
(In English.) I'd like to highlight just a few of the specifics that President Trump and I discussed today. At the end of the day, the President and I share a common goal. We both want to make sure that hardworking folks can go to work at a good job, put food on the table for their families, and save up to take a vacation every once in a while. That’s what we’re trying to do here.
Today, we reiterated that our nations are committed to collaborating on energy infrastructure projects that will create jobs while respecting the environment. And, as we know, investing in infrastructure is a great way to create the kind of economic growth that our countries so desperately need.
In that same vein, we know that ensuring equal opportunities for women in the workforce is essential for growing the economy and maintaining American and Canadian competitiveness on the world stage. As such, the President and I have agreed to the creation of the Canada-United States Council for Advancement of Women Entrepreneurs and Business Leaders. This initiative is more than just about dollars and cents. This is about ensuring that women have access to the same opportunities as men, and prioritizing the support and empowerment of women who are senior business leaders and entrepreneurs. In doing so, we’ll grow the Canadian and American economies, and help our businesses prosper.
(As interpreted from French.) Finally, President Trump and myself have agreed to work together to fight against the traffic of opioids across our border. The rise of illegal use of opioids in our society is nothing less than a tragedy. We will do everything we can to ensure the safety of Canadians and Americans.
Ladies and gentlemen, President Trump: I know that if our countries continue to work together, our people will greatly benefit from this cooperation.
(In English.) History has demonstrated time and again that in order to tackle our most pressing issues, both foreign and domestic, we must work with our closest allies, learn from each other, and stand in solidarity as a united voice.
With a level of economic and social integration that is unmatched on the world stage, Canada and the United States will forever be a model example of how to be good neighbors. Winston Churchill once said, “That long Canadian frontier from the Atlantic to the Pacific Oceans, guarded only by neighborly respect and honorable obligations, is an example to every country, and a pattern for the future of the world.” That, my friends, is the very essence of the Canada-U.S. relationship.
I look forward to working with President Trump over the coming years to nurture and build upon this historic partnership. Once again, it’s a tremendous pleasure to be here in Washington. Merci beaucoup.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Okay, we’ll take a couple of questions. Scott Thuman. Scott.
Q Thank you, Mr. President. You just spoke about the desire to build bridges, although there are some notable and philosophical differences between yourself and Prime Minister Trudeau. I’m curious, as you move forward on issues from trade to terrorism, how do you see this relationship playing out? And are there any specific areas with which during your conversations today you each decided to perhaps alter or amend your stances already on those sensitive issues like terrorism and immigration?
And, Prime Minister Trudeau, while only in its infancy so far, how do you see this relationship compared to that under the Obama administration?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, we just began discussions. We are going to have a great relationship with Canada, maybe as good or better, hopefully, than ever before. We have some wonderful ideas on immigration. We have some, I think, very strong, very tough ideas on the tremendous problem that we have with terrorism. And I think when we put them all together, which will be very, very quickly -- we have a group of very talented people -- we will see some very, very obvious results. We're also doing some cross-border things that will make it a lot easier for trade and a lot better and a lot faster for trade.
We have -- through technology, we have some really great ideas, and they’ll be implemented fairly quickly.
PRIME MINISTER TRUDEAU: One of the things we spoke about was the fact that security and immigration need to work very well together. And certainly Canada has emphasized security as we look towards improving our immigration system and remaining true to the values that we have. And we had a very strong and fruitful discussion on exactly that.
There’s plenty that we can draw on each other from in terms of how we move forward with a very similar goal, which is to create free, open societies that keep our citizens safe. And that's certainly something that we're very much in agreement on.
Tonda MacCharles.
Q Good afternoon, Mr. President and Mr. Prime Minister. And, Mr. Prime Minister, could you answer in English and French for us, please?
A little bit of a follow-on on my American colleague’s question. President Trump, you seem to suggest that Syrian refugees are a Trojan horse for potential terrorism, while the Prime Minister hugs refugees and welcomes them with open arms. So I’d like to know, are you confident the northern border is secure?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: You can never be totally confident. But through the incredible efforts -- already I see it happening -- of formerly General Kelly, now Secretary Kelly, we have really done a great job. We're actually taking people that are criminals -- very, very hardened criminals in some cases, with a tremendous track record of abuse and problems -- and we're getting them out. And that's what I said I would do. I’m just doing what I said I would do when we won by a very, very large Electoral College vote.
And I knew that was going to happen. I knew this is what people were wanting. And that wasn’t the only reason, that wasn’t my only thing that we did so well on. But that was something was very important. And I said we will get the criminals out, the drug lords, the gang members. We're getting them out.
General Kelly, who is sitting right here, is doing a fantastic job. And I said at the beginning we are going to get the bad ones -- the really bad ones, we're getting them out. And that's exactly what we're doing.
I think that in the end everyone is going to be extremely happy. And I will tell you right now, a lot of people are very, very happy right now.
PRIME MINISTER TRUDEAU: Canada has always understood that keeping Canadians safe is one of the fundamental responsibilities of any government. And that's certainly something that we're very much focused on.
At the same time, we continue to pursue our policies of openness towards immigration, refugees, without compromising security. And part of the reason we have been successful in doing that over the past year -- welcoming close to 40,000 Syrian refugees -- is because we have been coordinating with our allies, the United States and around the world, to demonstrate that security comes very seriously to us. And that's something that we continue to deal with.
(As interpreted from French.) It is clear that if you want to have a healthy and secure society or safe society, you have to make sure that you maintain -- that you focus on security. And we have welcomed refugees from Syria. We have been very successful, but we have always taken our responsibility toward security very seriously. And our allies, including the United States, understand this focus very well. And they have done so since the very beginning.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Caitlin Collins (ph), please.
Q Thank you. President Trump, now that you've been in office and received intelligence briefings for nearly one month, what do you see as the most important national security matters facing us?
And, Prime Minister Trudeau, you've made very clear that Canada has an open-door policy for Syrian refugees. Do you believe that President Trump’s moratorium on immigration has merit on national security grounds?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Okay. Thank you. Many, many problems. When I was campaigning, I said it’s not a good situation. Now that I see it -- including with our intelligence briefings -- we have problems that a lot of people have no idea how bad they are, how serious they are, not only internationally, but when you come right here.
Obviously, North Korea is a big, big problem, and we will deal with that very strongly. We have problems all over the Middle East. We have problems just about every corner of the globe, no matter where you look. I had a great meeting this weekend with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and got to know each other very, very well -- extended weekend, really. We were with each other for long periods of time, and our staffs and representatives.
But on the home front, we have to create borders. We have to let people that can love our country in, and I want to do that. We want to have a big, beautiful, open door, and we want people to come in and come in our country. But we cannot let the wrong people in, and I will not allow that to happen during this administration. And people -- citizens of our country want that, and that's their attitude, too.
I will tell you, we are getting such praise for our stance, and it's a stance of common sense -- maybe a certain toughness, but it's really more than toughness, it's a stance of common sense -- and we are going to pursue it vigorously. And we don't want to have our country have the kinds of problems that you're witnessing taking place not only here but all over the world. We won't stand for it. We won't put up with it. We're just not going to let it happen. We're going to give ourselves every bit of chance so that things go well for the United States. And they will go well. Thank you.
PRIME MINISTER TRUDEAU: Canada and the United States have been neighbors a long time, and Canadians and Americans have stood together, worked together at home and around the world. We've fought and died together in battlefields in World War I and World War II, in Korea, in Afghanistan. But there have been times where we have differed in our approaches, and that's always been done firmly and respectfully.
The last thing Canadians expect is for me to come down and lecture another country on how they choose to govern themselves. My role and our responsibility is to continue to govern in such a way that reflects Canadians' approach and be a positive example in the world.
Richard Latendresse.
Q Thank you, Mr. Prime Minister. I'll ask my question in French first and then, for you, I'll -- again in English.
(As interpreted from French.) Mr. Prime Minister, if I heard you correctly, you said that Canadian businesses, Canadian workers are concerned for their businesses and for their work and jobs concerning the renegotiation of NAFTA. So what guarantees did you get from this government that we will keep our jobs and our businesses in the renegotiation of NAFTA?
(In English.) Mr. President, again, during the last three months, you have denounced NAFTA. You have talked over and over about the Mexican portion of the agreement, very little about the Canadian one. My question is in two short part is, is Canada a fair trader? And when you talk about changes to NAFTA concerning Canada, are you talking about big changes or small changes? Thank you.
PRIME MINISTER TRUDEAU: (As interpreted.) First of all, Richard, thank you for your question. It is a real concern for many Canadians because we know that our economy is very dependent on our bonds, our relationship with the United States. Goods and services do cross the border each way every single day, and this means a lot of millions of jobs for Canadians, and good jobs for Canadians. So we are always focusing on these jobs, but there are also good jobs, millions of jobs, in the United States that depend on those relationships between our two countries.
So when we sit down as we did today, and as our teams will be doing in the weeks and months to come, we will be talking about how we can continue to create good jobs for our citizens on both sides of the border. And during this exercise, we continue to understand that we have to allow this free flow of goods and services, and we have to be aware of the integration of our economies, which is extremely positive for both our countries. And this is the focus that we will have in the coming weeks and months to come.
(In English.) Canadians are rightly aware of the fact that much of our economy depends on good working relationships with the United States, a good integration with the American economy. And the fact is, millions of good jobs on both sides of the border depend on the smooth and easy flow of goods and services and people back and forth across our border.
And both President Trump and I got elected on commitments to support the middle class, to work hard for people who need a real shot at success. And we know that by working together, by ensuring the continued effective integration of our two economies, we are going to be creating greater opportunities for middle-class Canadians and Americans now and well into the future.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I agree with that 100 percent. We have a very outstanding trade relationship with Canada. We’ll be tweaking it. We’ll be doing certain things that are going to benefit both of our countries. It’s a much less severe situation than what’s taking place on the southern border. On the southern border, for many, many years, the transaction was not fair to the United States. It was an extremely unfair transaction. We’re going to work with Mexico, we’re going to make it a fair deal for both parties. I think that we’re going to get along very well with Mexico; they understand and we understand.
You probably have noticed that Ford is making billions of dollars of new investments in this country. You saw Intel the other day announce that because of what I’ve been doing and what I’m doing in terms of regulation -- lowering taxes, et cetera -- they’re coming in with billions and billions of dollars of investment, and thousands of thousands of jobs. General Motors, likewise, is expanding plants and going to build new plants. Fiat Chrysler was at a meeting where they’re doing the same. Jack Ma -- we have so many people that want to come into the United States. It’s actually very exciting.
I think it’s going to be a very exciting period of time for the United States and for the workers of the United States, because they have been truly the forgotten man and forgotten women. It’s not going to be forgotten anymore, believe me.
So our relationship with Canada is outstanding, and we’re going to work together to make it even better. And as far as the southern border is concerned, we’re going to get that worked out. We’re going to make it fair, but we are going to make it so that everybody is happy. It’s very important to me.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much. (Applause.)
END
2:42 P.M. EST12:13 P.M. EST
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I'm honored to be here with Prime Minister Trudeau, whose father I knew and respected greatly. And he gave me a picture of myself and your father, and what a great picture. I will keep that in very special place -- at the Waldorf Astoria, together.
We're going to launch the Canada-United States Council for Advancement of Women Entrepreneurs. We have some of the great ones in this room -- and business leaders. We have so many great women leaders around the table today, and we're going to go through your names exactly, because many of you I know, some of you I don’t, so I want to find out all about you.
Women, as you know, I can say that from my past life, I had so many women executives who were phenomenal -- phenomenal -- and really helped me a great deal in business. So it was really fantastic. They play a tremendously important role, women in our economy. Women are the primary source of income in 40 percent of American households and households with children under the age of 18. In order to create economic growth and lots of very good, well-paying jobs, we must ensure that our economy is a place where women can work and thrive. And I think that's happening in the United States much more so, and Ivanka is very much involved in this. And I appreciate you being involved in it.
And I know, Justin, in Canada it's happening big league, and it's very important. We need policies that help to keep women in the workforce and to address the unique barriers faced by female entrepreneurs -- and they are unique. We need to make it easier for women to manage the demands of having both a job and a family, and we also need to make it easier for women entrepreneurs to get access to capital. And I guess pretty much all entrepreneurs, we have to help them out, because the system is not working so well for entrepreneurs getting capital. But it's in particular difficult for women, so we're going to get access to markets and access to networks.
And I look forward to hearing your advice. We're going to go around the table, and I want to really learn something today. And again, it's a great honor to be with you. And, Justin, I can say on behalf of our country, it's an honor to be with you.
PRIME MINISTER TRUDEAU: Thank you, Donald, for welcoming us. And I’m really excited about launching this, sitting around the table here with a number of successful executives who just happen to be women. One of the things that I’ve been lucky enough to do over the past year in New York and Beijing and across Canada is sit down with women CEOs, women executives to talk about both their successes and the challenges they’re facing that are particular, but also how, of course, we create more paths to success for women across our community and across our society.
Whenever I sit down with a woman executive, I know that she has had to overcome significant barriers that exist, and therefore is likely to have greater insight into how to help reduce those barriers for others, but also be a formidable contributor to the success of business and her economy.
So I think for me, it’s not just about doing the right thing, it’s about understanding that women in leadership positions is a very powerful leverage for success, for business, for communities, and for our entire economy.
(Speaks in French.)
It’s a great pleasure to sit with you now and to hear from your extraordinary leadership.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you, Mr. Prime Minister. So how about we start with Ivanka, we go around the room. Ivanka, you might just want to say a couple of words.
MS. TRUMP: Welcome. I’m honored to be here, and really looking forward to hearing from each of you who serve as tremendous role models for me and so many other business leaders. (Inaudible) our countries can lend some tremendously valuable perspective as we think about the unique challenges that entrepreneurs, women in the workforce, female small-business owners are confronted with each and every day. And as we think about how we level the playing field for this generation and for the next.
So thank you for being here. And I look forward to hearing from you today.
MR. FARRELL: Thank you. I’m Dawn Farrell and I’m from a company called TransAlta, which is located in Alberta, where you're going to build the Keystone Pipeline.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: A big chunk of it, that’s right.
MS. FARRELL: So thanks for the opportunity to contribute to this important dialogue, and a dialogue that we’ve had for 100 -- over hundreds of years. My company is in the business of making electricity. We generate electricity from coal, natural gas, and also from renewable sources -- wind, hydro and solar. We have operations in Canada, the United States and in Australia.
And, really, for us to excel, we have to be excellent at operations, engineering, finance and trading, and we have to excel in the public policy dialogue that happens around energy. And I’ll talk about that as part of today, because we’ve done some excellent work with the Trudeau government.
Now, future jobs in our space absolutely depend on growth. There’s no question of that. And I truly believe for there to be future opportunities for women, we have to have growth, because the more jobs there are, the more opportunities. And collaborations like this where we break down barriers and simplify, and build trust and build confidence -- because I think businesses invest when there’s confidence. And my hope is that’s what comes out of here.
Now, for us, having operations in Canada and the United States makes us absolutely more competitive. Our Centralia operation, which is in Washington State, is one of the most competitive plants. They have twice won our most coveted award for plant of the year. But the reality is, teams of people from the United States and teams of people from Canada cross the border often to work with each other to share and to -- so that we can excel as a company overall. So it's huge --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: That's good. Well, we're going to go around. Thank you. Good job. Boy, she did a hell of a job. (Laughter.) Wow, no wonder she's successful. (Laughter.)
Monique, thank you.
MS. LEROUX: Monique Leroux. I am the chair of the Board of the Quebec Investment Fund and the chair of the Economy Council of the province. I'm also a board member of large, global corporations like S&P Global, Michelin, and Couche-Tard, which is a very interesting Canadian company. Each of those organizations, of course, have significant businesses in the U.S. and also employs a lot of people in this country.
I feel really honored and privileged to be part of the council. I would like to thank you for this great opportunity.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you.
MS. LEROUX: We have long history of cooperation, and I think that for the woman agenda it will contribute a lot for our great countries.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you, Monique. Appreciate it.
MS. LEE: My name is Tina Lee. I'm CEO of T&T Supermarket. We're Canada's largest Asian supermarket chain. I employ 5,000 staff and serve 500,000 people across the country every week.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Wow. Fantastic.
MS. LEE: Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you.
MS. STEPHENSON: I'm Carol Stephenson. I'm on the board of directors at General Motors, and I don't think that General Motors needs any introduction. (Laughter.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: No, we had -- Mary Barra was here last week, and she's terrific.
MS. STEPHENSON: She is.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you. Thank you very much.
MS. LUNDGREN: I'm Tamara Lundgren. I'm the president and CEO of Schnitzer Steel Industries, which is one of the world's largest recyclers of metal products, sold to steel mills around the world. I also sit on the board of Parsons Corporation, which has been a big participant in the public-private partnerships in Canada. And I sit on the board of Ryder, which goes back and forth between the U.S. and Canada over 400 times every day. And lastly, I'm the chair of the board of the Portland branch of the 12th District Federal Reserve Board.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Very good. Thank you very much.
MS. ALLAN: Hello, Elyse Allan. I'm vice president of GE, as well as GE's operations in Canada. And we're a digital industrial company. We have business in 190 countries in the world.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Right. That's good. Good, thank you.
MS. VERSCHUREN: I'm Annette Verschuren. I'm the CEO of NRStor, which is an energy storage development company. Half of my career I've worked with U.S. based companies -- Home Depot, (inaudible) and Michaels -- craft store. I think that our countries are so absolutely bound together by our people, our resources, our trade. Linda Hasenfratz and I worked for many years on North American competitiveness and found ways in which we could get products and services and people through the border efficiently because, as you know, we're the biggest trading partners in the world.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, we're going to be working on that very closely over the next very short period of time. There are some new things happening that can be very good. Thank you very much.
MS. SWEET: Hello, I'm Julie Sweet. I'm CEO of North America for Accenture, responsible for both the U.S. and Canadian businesses.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you.
MS. HASENFRATZ: Hi, I'm Linda Hasenfratz. I'm CEO of Linamar Corporation. We're a diversified manufacturing company. We have 57 plants and 25,000 employees around the world, including right here in the U.S. and, of course, also heavily invested in Canada. We've doubled our workforce in the U.S. over the last five years. We've also doubled our workforce in Canada over the last five years and have a lot of exciting opportunities for growth. We're mainly in the auto parts and access equipment sectors.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody.
END
12:24 P.M. ESTTranscript:
My fellow Americans,
This week our hearts are with the people of Louisiana and Mississippi. Families have lost their homes, businesses, and livelihoods after devastating tornadoes swept through many, many communities.
My administration will make sure they have the support that they need and really desperately want. We’re going to take care of them. It’s remarkable to see Americans across the country come together to help families rebuild their lives. That is the beauty of the American spirit – there’s nothing like it.
There is a great spirit all over the country – and that spirit is what we will need to rebuild America to, as I have said so often, Make America Great Again.
On Tuesday, I was pleased to host at the White House the CEO of Intel, who announced that Intel will invest $7 billion dollars in a new manufacturing facility in Arizona – creating thousands of new American jobs. That’s what we want, new American jobs, and good jobs.
Intel decided to move forward with this project because they know we are totally committed to lifting the regulatory and tax burdens that are hurting American innovation and companies.
In fact, we are in the process right now of working on a major tax reform that will massively reduce taxes on our workers and businesses. We want to make it much easier to do business in America – and that’s what we are going to do. We are going to make it also much harder for companies to leave. They’re not just going to say bye-bye and fire everybody. There will be consequences.
I want America to be the great jobs magnet of the world – but we can’t do that if we don’t stop the wasteful rules and excessive taxes that make it impossible for companies to compete. Every hour of every day, my Administration is focused on creating jobs for our people and I mean good jobs. More jobs, better jobs, higher-paying jobs – that’s our mission.
This week, I also met with Sheriffs and Police Chiefs from across the country. I pledged to them that we would stand with the incredible men and women of law enforcement – and so too will our great new Attorney General, Jeff Sessions.
My administration is committed to your security, which is why we will continue to fight to take all necessary and legal action to keep terrorists, radical and dangerous extremists from ever entering our country. We will not allow our generous system of immigration to be turned against us as a tool for terrorism and truly bad people. We must take firm steps today to ensure that we are safe tomorrow.
We will defend our country, protect our Constitution, and deliver real prosperity for our people.
God bless you, God bless America. Have a great week.East Room
1:08 P.M. EST
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. Prime Minister Abe, on behalf of the American people, I welcome you to the very famous White House. You honor us with your presence. This is one of our earliest visits from a foreign leader, and I am truly glad that it could be from such an important and steadfast ally.
The bond between our two nations, and the friendship between our two peoples, runs very, very deep. This administration is committed to bringing those ties even closer. We are committed to the security of Japan and all areas under its administrative control, and to further strengthening our very crucial alliance.
The U.S.-Japan alliance is the cornerstone of peace and stability in the Pacific region. It is important that both Japan and the United States continue to invest very heavily in the alliance to build up our defense and our defensive capabilities, which, under our mutual leadership, will become stronger and stronger, and, as time goes by, ultimately they will be impenetrable.
We face numerous challenges, and bilateral cooperation is essential. Our country is committed to being an active and fully engaged partner. We will work together to promote our shared interests, of which we have many in the region, including freedom from navigation and of navigation, and defending against the North Korean missile and nuclear threat, both of which I consider a very, very high priority.
On the economy, we will seek a trading relationship that is free, fair and reciprocal, benefitting both of our countries. The vibrant exchange between us is a true blessing. Japan is a proud nation with a rich history and culture, and the American people have profound respect for your country and its traditions. I also want to take this opportunity, Mr. Prime Minister, to thank you and the people of Japan for hosting our armed forces.
Working together, our two countries have the ability to bring greater harmony, stability and prosperity to the Pacific region and beyond, improving countless lives in the process. We are committed to that goal -- highly committed.
Prime Minister Abe, on behalf of the United States of America, I thank you for being with us today. We will soon be traveling to the great state of Florida, where I know we will have a long and very successful talk, negotiations, and a very, very productive weekend.
Mr. Prime Minister.
PRIME MINISTER ABE: (As interpreted.) This is the fourth time in six months for me to visit the United States. The last time was in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii at the end of last year. I am indeed sincerely grateful for the always heartwarming welcome accorded to me by the American people.
I would also like to express my sincere gratitude to President Trump. Donald, you must have been very busy in this very important period of 100 days after your inauguration. And thank you very much for inviting me over to the White House. My name is Abe, but in the United States some people mistakenly pronounce my name as "Abe." But that is not bad, because even in Japan everybody knows the name of that great President, that a farmer and carpenter's son can become a President. And that fact, 150 years ago, surprised the Japanese, who were still under the shogunate rule. The Japanese opened their eyes to democracy. The United States is the champion of democracy.
Donald, President, you are excellent businessman, but you have never been in the Congress or been a governor. You have not experienced being in the public office. But you have fought the uphill struggle and fight for more than a year in the election campaign to become a new President. And this is the dynamism of democracy. I would like to celebrate and congratulate Donald being sworn in as the President.
The United States is a country having the largest number of chances, opportunities in the world. That has always been the case right now, as well as going forward. This will never change. And that is the reason why automotive industries and other Japanese businesses have built factories all over the United States, to engage in local production here. Last year, from Japan to the United States, there have been more than $150 billion of new investment being made into the United States. And those Japanese businesses have created a large number of jobs. The mutually beneficial economic relations have been built by Japan and the United States. With President Trump taking on the leadership, I'm sure there will be -- major-scale infrastructure investment will be made, including the fast-speed train.
Those of you who have rode on the Japanese Shinkansen, I'm sure you would appreciate the speed, the comfort and safety with the latest maglev technology. From Washington, D.C. to New York, where Trump Tower exists, only one hour would it take if you ride the maglev train from Washington, D.C. to New York. Japan, with our high level of technical capability, we will be able to contribute to President Trump's growth strategy. There will be even more new jobs being born in the United States.
And to further deepen these bilateral economic relations between Deputy Prime Minister Aso and Vice President Pence, there will be a cross-sectoral dialogue to be held. And we have agreed on this.
And furthermore, in Asia Pacific, where we see dramatic growth to expand free trade and investment, this will be a big chance for both Japan and the United States. But, of course, it must be done in a fair manner. Never should a state-owned company, backed by state capital, should not make any economic intervention. Free ride on intellectual property should not be condoned. In Asia Pacific region, with Japan and U.S. taking on the leadership to create free and fair market based upon rules, should be built. I and President Trump have confirmed on our strong will to do so.
The cornerstone of peace and prosperity in Asia Pacific, that is the strong Japan-U.S. alliance. And this is unwavering ties between our two countries. I and President Trump will work together to further strengthen our alliance. We have shared this strong resolve.
As we see increasingly difficult security environment, we have confirmed that U.S.-Japan Security Pact Article 5 will be applied to Senkaku Islands. The United States will strengthen its presence in the region. And under the banner of the proactive contribution to peace, Japan will play a greater role. At the same time, we will maintain the deterrence and also to proceed on reducing the impact we had fought through on the realignment of the U.S. forces in Japan.
And Henoko's -- relocation to Henoko of the impasse Futenma is the only solution. And Japan and U.S. will continue to work closely on this.
On North Korea, we would strongly demand North Korea to abandon nuclear and ballistic missile program, and not to make any more provocations. And we have completely agreed on the importance of the early solution for the abduction issue in East China Sea, South China Sea, and Indian Ocean -- everywhere we need to maintain the freedom of navigation and rule of law. And such international order there must be maintained.
Japan and United States have confirmed that we will strongly protest any use of force, as well as coercion to change the status quo. I and the President will address not only bilateral but regional issues. And we have had a very frank exchange of views on the peace and prosperity of the world that we should contribute, for any form of terrorism should be strongly condemned. And we will cooperate in our fight against terrorism. Japan will, of course, exercise a commensurate role in this regard. And furthermore, the regional conflict of the refugees, of poverty and infectious diseases -- there are many challenges faced by the world, which will be a serious issue to threaten the peace and stability for Japan as well as the United States.
But Japan and the United States and the international community must work hand in hand in order to solve these questions. Of course, there are disagreements, but we should not close down dialogue just by pointing to the differences and ignoring the common interests and common goals. We need to have dialogue because there are disagreements. What we mostly desire -- what is most desired by those who are challenging the existing international order is to just focus on differences. We should not close the dialogue of Japan -- have for four years that I have consistently followed through on our foreign policy.
Now, whatever the challenge and difficulty ahead of us, I and Trump -- President Trump will continue our dialogue to seek shared solutions. And after lunch, I am looking forward for a weekend in Florida with Donald. We will play golf together. My scores in golf is not up to the level of Donald at all, but my policy is never up, never in, always aiming for the cup -- never cut to just the goal with shortcuts and short chops. Those are the words never found in my dictionary. (Laughter.)
But in a relaxed atmosphere, I hope to take time to discuss with Donald on the future of the world, future of the region, and future of Japan and the United States.
Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you very much. We’ll take a few questions, unless you don’t want to ask any questions, if that’s possible. Maybe we’ll start -- where is Daniel Halper, New York Post? Daniel.
Q Thank you, Mr. President. I’m curious about yesterday’s ruling in the 9th Circuit Court. Has it caused you to rethink your use of executive power? And how will you respond? And will you sign new executive orders and perhaps a new travel ban?
And, Mr. Prime Minister, I’m curious about your reaction to America’s withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the TPP. Do you think that that’s weakened America’s position in Asia? And how do you think -- how do you envision any sort of trade deal with the President working out?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, your question was unrelated to what we’re here for today, but I’ll answer it. We are going to keep our country safe, we are going to do whatever is necessary to keep our country safe. We had a decision which we think we’ll be very successful with. It shouldn’t have taken this much time because safety is a primary reason. One of the reasons I’m standing here today is the security of our country. The voters felt that I would give it the best security. So we’ll be doing something very rapidly having to do with additional security for our country. You’ll be seeing that sometime next week.
In addition, we will continue to go through the court process, and ultimately I have no doubt that we’ll win that particular case.
PRIME MINISTER ABE: (As interpreted.) Now, in the world, we are also facing the issues of the refugees and terrorism. We need to work closely together on these global issues. Japan have always played our own role, but going forward, we will continue to work with the international community to execute our responsibility in a commensurate manner. And each of our country has immigration control scheme, as well as policy on immigration, as well as refugees. These are to do with domestic affairs of that country, so I would refrain from making any comments.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Okay. Blake Berman, Fox. Blake Berman.
Q Thank you, Mr. President. I’d like to pick up where Daniel left off, if you don’t mind. You said earlier this week -- and I’m quoting for you -- you said, "I’ve learned a lot in the last two weeks, and terrorism is a far greater threat than the people of our country understand, but we’re going to take care of it."
Based off of what you have learned, and now knowing that your executive order is at least temporarily on hold, do you still feel as confident now as you have been at any point, that you and the administration will be able to protect the homeland?
And, Mr. Prime Minister, thank you. I would just like to pick off again on what Daniel had asked about TPP. Do you feel it’s a mistake that the United States has at least signaled its intention to withdraw from the deal? Thank you, both.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I feel totally confident that we will have tremendous security for the people of the United States. We will be extreme vetting, which is a term that I developed early in my campaign because I saw what was happening. And while I’ve been President, which is just for a very short period of time, I’ve learned tremendous things that you could only learn, frankly, if you were in a certain position, namely, President. And there are tremendous threats to our country. We will not allow that to happen, I can tell you that right now. We will not allow that to happen.
So we’ll be going forward. We’ll be doing things to continue to make our country safe. It will happen rapidly. And we will not allow people into our country who are looking to do harm to our people. We will allow lots of people into our country that will love our people and do good for our country. It’s always going to be that way, at least during my administration, I can tell you that.
PRIME MINISTER ABE: (As interpreted.) On TPP -- oh, of course, we are fully aware of President Trump’s decision. On economic issues, we will be discussing at the working lunch to follow. As for Japan and United States, trade and investment, as well as economic relations, how can we develop and grow our relationship. As I have already mentioned, Deputy Prime Minister Aso and Vice President Pence will create a new framework for dialogue, and I am quite optimistic that the good results will be seen from the dialogue.
Now, for the free and fair common set of rules to be created for the free trade regime in the region, and that was the purpose of TPP, and that importance have not changed. I, myself, believe that.
Q (As interpreted.) Thank you. My name is Hara from NHK. I have a question to Prime Minister Abe. Now, for the automotive market in Japan, as well as foreign exchange of Japan, in the prior remarks there have been discrepancy in your positions. So at the summit meeting, what were the discussions? And were you able to narrow down the gap?
And President Trump had said that he will make the United States a great country. What is meant by the “great country”? And, Prime Minister, what do you mean when you say United States is a great ally for you?
PRIME MINISTER ABE: Now with the birth of the Trump administration, a new genesis will be built between Japan and U.S. in economic relations. In order to put forward such strong message, I have proposed to launch a new framework for economic dialogue, and we were able to agree on this.
As for sectoral discussions, we will be having a discussion at our working lunch. In any case, between President Trump and I, myself, on Japan and U.S. economic relations, we will -- we have already agreed that we will have Vice President Pence and Deputy Prime Minister Aso to discuss fully on the economic relations between our two countries. And we are looking forward for the good results to ensue from the debate between the experts.
As for the foreign exchange, we will have -- Secretary of Treasury and the Minister of Finance will continue the close communication.
For the United States to become a great nation, the various roles played by the United States and the responsibility to go with it, the world over is faced with increasing uncertainty. That United States will become a great America and become a great and strong ally would be good for Japan. And for Japan and U.S. alliance to be further strengthened would be good not only for our two nations, but also contribute to the peace and prosperity of the Asia Pacific and United States to become even greater. We will welcome that.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you. I will say that -- and you've seen it -- ever since I won the election and became President-elect, I’ve been telling companies, car companies and other companies -- many companies: Come back into the United States. And they've been coming back in. And big announcements are going to be made over the next short period of time. Some of you already know what those announcements are.
We lost a lot of our factories, a lot of our plants. And those factories and those plants will be coming back. And jobs will be coming back to Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania and North Carolina, and so many other places where we've lost so many jobs. And those are the people that were so good to me, and now I’m being good to them.
So we've had a tremendous number of announcements. We've had Ford and General Motors and many, many others -- Intel yesterday made a major announcement. And they did that because of what is happening with our tax structure, which is going along very well. And we’ll be having some very big news over the next short period of time.
But we are a nation of tremendous potential. And the expression “Make America Great Again,” I will tell you -- and I will add very strongly and with great assurance, it will be greater than ever before.
And I just want to thank the Prime Minister for a friendship. We developed a great friendship when we met in New York City, at Trump Tower. We spoke for a long, long period of time. And when I greeted him today at the car, I was saying -- I shook hands, but I grabbed him and hugged him because that's the way we feel. We have a very, very good bond -- very, very good chemistry. I’ll let you know if it changes, but I don't think it will. (Laughter.)
So I just want to thank the Prime Minister for being here. We're going to be meeting your wife in a very short period of time, and I look very much forward to that.
And I want to thank everybody in the room. We're going to have a tremendous relationship, long-term relationship of mutual benefit with Japan.
Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Prime Minister.
PRIME MINISTER ABE: One more.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Yes, certainly. Go ahead.
Q (As interpreted.) Thank you very much. From Sankei Shimbun, my name is Takita. I have a question to President Trump. Obama administration, under the rebalance to Asia, have emphasized Asia. But China is taking hardline stance in South China Sea, as well as China Sea. And North Korea has went on with the missiles and nuclear development. So some countries in Asia are concerned over commitment of United States in Asia. So against this backdrop, as was mentioned earlier, for the Trump administration, for the situations in Asia, how would you respond to the increasing difficulty here?
And, President, you have repeatedly stated about China taking on the currency -- foreign exchange policies which are not good for the United States. Do you think that eventually it will change in the future?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I had a very, very good conversation, as most of you know, yesterday with the President of China. It was a very, very warm conversation. I think we are on the process of getting along very well. And I think that will also be very much of a benefit to Japan. So we had a very, very good talk last night and discussed a lot of subjects. It was a long talk. And we are working on that as we speak. We have conversations with various representatives of China, I believe, that that will all work out very well for everybody -- China, Japan, the United States, and everybody in the region.
As far as the currency devaluations, I’ve been complaining about that for a long time. And I believe that we will all eventually -- and probably very much sooner than a lot of people understand or think -- we will be all at a level playing field, because that's the only way it’s fair. That's the only way that you can fairly compete in trade and other things. And we will be on that field, and we will all be working very hard to do great for our country. But it has to be fair. And we will make it fair.
I think the United States is going to be an even bigger player than it is right now, by a lot, when it comes to trade. A lot of that will have to do with our tax policy, which you’ll be seeing in the not-too-distant future. We’ll have an incentive-based policy much more so than we have right now. Right now we don't even know -- nobody knows what policy we have. But we're going to have a very much incentive-based policy. We're working with Congress, working with Paul Ryan, working with Mitch McConnell. And I think people are going to be very, very impressed.
We're also working very much -- and this has a lot to do with business -- on health care, where we can get great health care for our country at a much-reduced price, both to the people receiving the health care and to our country. Because our country is paying so much, and Obamacare, as you know, is a total and complete disaster. So we’re going to end up with tremendous health care at a lower price. And I think people are going to be extremely happy. Difficult process, but once we get going -- and, as you know, Tom Price was just approved a few hours ago. So we finally have our Secretary, and now we get down to the final strokes.
Again, I want to thank everybody for being here. I want to thank Mr. Prime Minister. What an honor, what a great honor it is. And let’s go to Florida. (Applause.)
END
1:37 P.M. EST12:41 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you all for coming. We had a couple of great meetings this morning -- the airline industry, we're going to get that one going. They've got a lot of problems but it's going to be good. We just had talks with Qatar and a couple of countries -- Afghanistan. I would say that that's a tough situation but we'll do something about it. We'll be having some -- we'll be giving you some pretty -- information -- pretty good information soon. We're going to have some good, big conversations with other world leaders over the next few hours. A lot of things happening, a lot of positive things.
I want to start by thanking Senator Manchin for having the courage to vote for somebody that's really very outstanding, really outstanding -- as good as they've seen in a long time. Nominating the justice to the Supreme Court, a justice, has always been considered one of the very important things that a President can do.
I guess I'm looking very much at defense and we're negotiating a lot of contracts with airlines and a lot of other people, but when you get right down to it, the F-35 Fighter is very important and all of the things we're doing are very important. But I've always considered, and I guess a lot of people have, the Supreme Court nominees to be right up there -- right up there. We'll take defense, number one, I think, Senator, we have to go with defense of our country, number one. And right after that, I suspect it's going to be Supreme Court justices.
And Judge Gorsuch is an exceptionally qualified nominee -- probably there's rarely been anybody that's been more qualified. He has impeccable academic and legal credentials. He went to Columbia -- very, very great student. He went to Harvard, top of his class. He went to Oxford, great student, great intellect. He has an outstanding record for 10 years on the bench. One of the great writers they say -- legal writers -- I've read some of the things that he's written and, believe me, he is a great, great writer. He'll respect and very much respect the Constitution, as written, and he will apply the law as written.
He's a mainstream judge, very much mainstream, and I urge you all to confirm him. He's been doing very well. A lot of people are liking him very much on the other side. And I think that, because of politics, perhaps they're not going to vote for him. I think that's a shame because that's not being honest.
I've had a couple of people tell me from the other side -- because, believe it or not, I have a lot of friends on the other side too -- and they think he's outstanding. And then they go on to tell me that perhaps they won't be able to do that. But that's one of the reasons that our country is in stagnation in so many different forms and so many different ways. I think it's very dishonest and I think it's very unfortunate.
But we'll see what happens. I think he's doing very well. And I know that some people are going to come on board and hopefully we can do this in a very quick and civil manner.
The Cabinet slowly is happening. Jeff Sessions just got -- you're very happy about that -- because Jeff is outstanding. And we just swore in Jeff Sessions as Attorney General, and I think he's going to be outstanding.
So I just want to thank you all for being here. We're going to have a good lunch and we're going to talk about our Supreme Court nominee, somebody who will do a fantastic job for many years to come. Thank you very much.
Q Mr. President, any comment on Judge Gorsuch's comments about you, sir?
THE PRESIDENT: You misrepresented his comments.
Q I just wanted to ask you what your thoughts were, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: His comments were misrepresented. And what you should do is ask Senator Blumenthal about his Vietnam record that didn't exist after years of saying it did. So ask Senator Blumenthal about his Vietnam record. He misrepresented that just like he misrepresented Judge Gorsuch.
Thank you all very much.
END
12:45 P.M. EST9:47 A.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you for being here. Nothing like having meetings in the White House. Good place. Good place for meetings. Good place for a lot of things. People don’t realize I inherited a mess. A big mess. I think they know. I think they understand.
Well, thank you all. I know so many of you through reading and through business magazines, and you've done an amazing job. And I want to congratulate you. I know you're under pressure from a lot of foreign elements and foreign carriers. I've been hearing that a little bit. At the same time, we want to make life good for them also. They come with big investments -- in many cases, those investments are made by their governments. But they are still big investments.
I'm thrilled to welcome the leaders of the airline industry to the White House. Your industry supports over 10 million well-paying U.S. jobs and creates almost $1 trillion in economic activity, which is really big stuff, really amazing.
Last year, our airlines moved approximately 2 million people each day in our country, which is an incredible number of people. And they move them well -- despite the bad equipment that the airports give you in many cases, because they can't get approvals, and we had regulatory morass that's a disaster.
And I can tell you that a lot of the new equipment that already is obsolete the day they order it -- and that's according to people that know, including my pilot. I have a pilot who's a real expert, and he said, sir, the equipment they're putting on is just the wrong stuff. And we'll talk about that. Because if we're going to modernize our systems, we should be using the right equipment. And I know Mr. Tilden is nodding. You know what I mean. It's one thing to order equipment, but let's order the right equipment. Probably the wrong equipment costs more. You can probably buy the right equipment for less money. So we want to talk about that. Because my pilot, he's a smart guy, and knows what's going on. He said the government is using the wrong equipment and instituting a massive, multibillion-dollar project, but they're using the wrong type of equipment. So let's find out about that.
We want the traveling public to have the greatest customer service, with an absolute minimum of delays and with great convenience all at the lowest possible cost. We want to help you realize these goals, and we will indeed help you realize these goals. Airports are very important when you travel. Very important.
As an example, some of you were saying yesterday to me that you go to China, you go to Japan, they have fast trains all over the place. We don’t have one. I don’t want to compete with your business -- (laughter) -- but we don’t have one fast train. And it's the same thing with our airports. Our airports used to be the best. Now they're at the bottom of the rung. We've spent $6 trillion -- think of it -- as of about two months ago, $6 trillion in the Middle East. We've got nothing. We've got nothing. We never even kept just even a little tiny oil well. Not one little one. I said, keep the oil. But we've spent right now $6 trillion in the Middle East. We have nothing. And we have an obsolete plane system, we have obsolete airports, we have obsolete trains. We have bad roads. We're going to change all of that, folks. You're going to be so happy with Trump. I think you already are.
So we want to help you realize these goals by rolling back burdensome regulations. And you people are regulated probably as much as almost anybody, although I can think of a couple of industries that are even worse. Lowering the overall tax burden on American businesses big league. That's coming along very well. Way ahead of schedule, I believe. And we're going to be announcing something, I would say, over the next two or three weeks that will be phenomenal in terms of tax, and developing our aviation infrastructure.
Again, I want to thank you all for being here. So I want this to be a meeting of substance. I want to be able to do things for you. The auto industry was in. They left, they said it was the best meeting they've ever had. I even took them into the Oval Office. The head of Ford, the head of General Motors, the head of Fiat, others -- they never saw the Oval Office. I said, you mean they never took you in? You see how far away it was from the room? Ten feet. It was 10 feet across the hallway, but they never got taken in. I took them in.
The auto companies are going to be making massive investments in Michigan and Ohio, in Pennsylvania, a lot of the places where jobs have left. So we’re really happy about that. They’ve been great. Ford is going to build -- you know they cancelled a big plant in a certain place, I won’t say where -- a $2 billion plant, and they’re building it in the United States and they’re expanding greatly. General Motors the same thing. They’ve been great. They’ve been great. I think they’ll continue to be great.
But we’re also going to be great to them. We’re going to get rid of a lot of unnecessary regulation, and we’re going to make their life a lot easier. They’re going to employ a lot more people. So a lot of businesses are rushing in. They’re coming in big league.
So with that, I thought what I would do is perhaps we’ll start with Mr. Gray. We’ll go around the room and just quickly just say who you are and who you represent. The biggest of the airlines are here.
STAFFER: Thank you, press.
THE PRESIDENT: And you can -- no, stay, stay, stay. Let them see who’s here. (Laughter.) Everyone is so quick to get rid of the press. I think I am the most open President ever. (Laughter.) They want to get rid of the press. What, you don’t want to see who Mr. Gray is? (Laughter.) Maybe I should have started with somebody else. (Laughter.) Okay, you can stay. Yeah, stay. Stay for a while. See who’s here, right? Okay, good.
MR. GRAY: Well, thank you, Mr. President. I’m Myron Gray, and I represent the United Parcel Service.
MS. EVENS: I’m Ginger Evens, I’m the Commissioner of Aviation for the city of Chicago.
MR. FLYNN: Mr. President, Bill Flynn with Atlas Air.
MR. WIGINGTON: Rob Wigington, CEO for Nashville Airport Authority.
MR. CALIO: Nick Calio, Airlines for America. Thank you for having us.
MR. BASTIAN: Mr. President, Ed Bastian, CEO of Delta Airlines.
THE PRESIDENT: Great. Welcome. Delta is doing well.
MR. BASTIAN: Doing great, and you know we’ve been neighbors for a long time.
THE PRESIDENT: That’s right. That’s right, good.
MR. BASTIAN: Hopefully we've been good to you.
THE PRESIDENT: You've been very good. Thank you.
MR. HAYES: Mr. President, Robin Hayes, CEO of JetBlue Airways. (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: Good job.
MR. BRONCZEK: Mr. President, Dave Bronczek, FedEx.
THE PRESIDENT: By the way, Fred Smith was here yesterday.
MR. BRONCZEK: Yes, I know.
THE PRESIDENT: He's a great, great guy.
MR. KELLY: Gary Kelly, Southwest Airlines.
THE PRESIDENT: Great job.
MR. TILDEN: Brad Tilden, Alaska Air Group. And we’re actually in the process of merging with Virgin America right now.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, good.
MR. FOYE: Mr. President, Pat Foye, Executive Director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
THE PRESIDENT: Great. We spoke a long time ago.
MR. FOYE: Yes, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: And you did a good job.
MR. FOYE: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Appreciate it.
MR. POTTER: Mr. President, Jack Potter, Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority.
MR. BURKE: Mr. President, Kevin Burke. I’m the President of Airports Council International-North America, which is every airports in the United States and Canada. Thank you for having us.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you.
MR. VANECEK: Mr. President, Bill Vanecek. I'm the Director of Aviation for the Buffalo Niagara International Airport and Niagara Falls International Airport. I'm also the chairman of Airports Council International-NA.
THE PRESIDENT: Great.
MR. LOPANO: Mr. President, good morning. My name is Joe Lopano. I’m from Tampa International Airport.
MR. MUÑOZ: Oscar Muñoz with United Airlines. And Mr. Doug Parker from American couldn’t be here today.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay. Thank you.
MS. FLINT: Good morning, Mr. President. Deborah Flint, the CEO of Los Angeles World Airports. LAX is the world’s seventh largest airport and the country’s third largest airport.
THE PRESIDENT: We’ll make it number one worldwide. Let’s make it number one. (Laughter.) I didn’t like the number. What is number one now in terms of service?
MS. FLINT: Atlanta.
THE PRESIDENT: That’s good. We love the state of Georgia. I love Georgia -- I tell you that’s for sure. So that’s good.
PARTICIPANT: Number one in the world.
THE PRESIDENT: So let me ask you -- so what can we do to make your airlines better, to make your balance sheet better, to have you get more jobs and create more jobs, to have you win competition worldwide so you can start doing more business worldwide? Because I know you have a lot of competition, and a lot of that competition is subsidized by governments, big league. I’ve heard that complaint from different people in this room. Probably about one hour after I got elected I was inundated with calls from your industry, and many other industries, because it’s a pretty unfair situation.
What can we do? Give me suggestions that we can make your life easier and that you can employ a lot more people.
MR. KELLY: Well, Mr. President, I'll lead this off.
THE PRESIDENT: Southwest Airlines.
MR. KELLY: Thank you very much for the opportunity to be here. We have never had a meeting like this, certainly in my years at Southwest Airlines. So we’re very grateful for this opportunity.
THE PRESIDENT: I want to congratulate you because you have done an amazing job, really amazing job. You really have. So congratulations. Go ahead.
MR. KELLY: I think we’re very well aligned with your philosophy. We would welcome tax reform. We would welcome regulatory reform. And very well aligned on the need for infrastructure investment.
The single biggest opportunity for aviation is to modernize the air traffic control system. We work very well with our partners in the airports around the table. I know them all and we serve all of these airports and --
THE PRESIDENT: You shouldn't know them too well. (Laughter.)
MR. KELLY: Well, they’re our landlords. (Laughter.) (Inaudible) the only landlord available. But we have billions of dollars’ worth of airport projects underway around the country to continue to modernize the airports. We've spent billions of dollars on the air traffic control modernization but it’s not making any meaningful progress.
THE PRESIDENT: I hear that. I hear we have the wrong system. I’m hearing that the United States government -- and is the gentleman who’s the head of the FAA right now not a pilot? Or is that -- does he --
MR. KELLY: I don’t know if he’s a pilot or not.
THE PRESIDENT: I’d like to find out because I think it maybe would be good to have a pilot, like a really good pilot who knows what’s going on. I’ve heard that, and, I don't know, it seems a little hard to believe because the complexity of your business is right up there, right?
MR. KELLY: Oh, very much so.
THE PRESIDENT: And I would think you need a very sophisticated person in that job, and somebody that, frankly -- being a pilot would be helpful, because I’m hearing you put the wrong -- I hear the government contracted this system that’s the wrong system, and I hear that from pilots. So who would be better to tell me? But I hear we’re spending billions and billions of dollars. It’s a system that’s totally out of whack. It’s way over budget, it’s way beyond schedule, and when it’s completed, it’s not going to be a good system. Other than that, it’s okay. (Laughter.)
So what do you think about that, Gary?
MR. KELLY: Well, I agree with you. When you have a project that takes that long, it becomes outdated.
THE PRESIDENT: It’s already outdated.
MR. KELLY: It’s already outdated, no question. And we spent billions of dollars on this.
THE PRESIDENT: Has that been you or the government or both?
PARTICIPANT: Oh no, this is the federal -- FAA, air traffic control --
THE PRESIDENT: So when you say “we” -- “we” the government --
MR. KELLY: You’re paying for it. You’re ultimately -- the airlines and our customers are paying for it.
THE PRESIDENT: Why do the airlines allow that to happen where they put in a bad system? Not even antiquated -- and it’s antiquated because it’s taken so long. Why do the airlines allow a system that you know is bad from the beginning -- because you guys are pros -- why do they allow the government to put in the wrong system?
MR. KELLY: Well, we’re not in control. And I think that’s one of the things that we see as the path to having success, is we need to address the fundamental organization of the air traffic organization, not the safety and regulatory oversight -- that’s a government function that needs to remain. But we believe that reforming the FAA by creating a non-for-profit corporation is the way to address the governments that you’re speaking to, as well as the long-term financing.
THE PRESIDENT: Headed by the airlines? Headed by who? The board would be who?
MR. KELLY: The board would be represented by all the various constituents. So the government would have a seat, general aviation would have a seat, certainly the commercial airlines would have a seat. Everyone would --
THE PRESIDENT: Well, this wouldn’t have happened then. You wouldn’t be putting in a system -- a control system -- that is obsolete before they even signed the contract. And, by the way, overly expensive. More expensive than (inaudible).
MR. KELLY: You know, the interesting thing is I think that there is absolutely unanimous agreement that the system needs to be modernized and that it is well behind schedule. There is not agreement on the path forward to address that, and that’s where we run into roadblocks. We want the government out of managing the air traffic control system so that it can be adequately managed, adequately financed, and we can get this done. We won World War II in three-and-a-half years; we ought to be able to modernize air traffic control.
THE PRESIDENT: So how long would it take to -- because I’m hearing you have to scrap all of the billions of dollars that have been put in -- stupidly put in. How long would it take to come up with a great air traffic control system, the top anywhere in the world, the top of the line? How long would that take to do and how much would it cost?
MR. KELLY: The good news is, we don’t have to scrap everything. We are still using fundamentally World War II-era ground-based radar to guide the aircraft from a navigation standpoint. We are not utilizing GPS satellite-delivered navigational tools. Those things exist. At least for Southwest Airlines, we have fully equipped all of our fleet to take advantage of that, but we’re not getting those kinds of flight profiles written for each airport or each route.
THE PRESIDENT: So you'd save a lot of time, you'd save a tremendous amount of fuel.
MR. KELLY: We think that we're losing $25 billion a year as an industry. And I think the best example we can offer up to you -- the system is very safe, by the way. And our air traffic controllers are very fine men and women, and they do a fantastic job.
THE PRESIDENT: It's safe but it's very cautious. And it should be cautious.
MR. KELLY: Yes, it must be cautious.
THE PRESIDENT: But I notice the intervals when planes go out seem very, very long.
MR. KELLY: It used to be a 55-minute trip between Washington and New York, and today it's 80.
PARTICIPANT: Mr. President, it's not just about fuel -- it's about jobs. The partnership in New York City did a study that the cost of air traffic control congestion in New York and New Jersey alone is $75 billion over a period ending in 2028. Those are jobs that haven't been created and jobs that --
THE PRESIDENT: And what is the reason for that?
PARTICIPANT: It's the antiquated system, one, Mr. President. It's, two, the fact that New York/New Jersey is the busiest airspace in the world. And, three, frankly, that other countries, including Canada, have more efficient systems. Implementation and the funding NextGen is really critical. And this is not an act of (inaudible) -- this is about jobs.
PARTICIPANT: Sir, you asked why -- your question -- how did we let this happen to some degree.
THE PRESIDENT: Yeah.
PARTICIPANT: I've (inaudible) on telecom and railroads and some (inaudible) industry, and it's unfortunate that every time you go from one industry to the other, the regulatory burden continues or gets worse. So in this particular case, to be very frank and blunt, and to your point earlier, I think it's become political -- it's a political process, and so it's difficult for us to have control.
THE PRESIDENT: Not anymore it's not political. We're going to get --
PARTICIPANT: And you have the appointees that you --
THE PRESIDENT: -- at a reasonable price. So not anymore. Go ahead.
PARTICIPANT: I would take special care in reappointing the (inaudible) on the FAA. Whether or not it needs to be a pilot or not, I can't opine, but it would be nice to have people that actually have a thorough understanding of the business of aviation.
THE PRESIDENT: Is the head of the FAA a pilot? Does anybody know? Somebody should know.
PARTICIPANT: He's not.
THE PRESIDENT: He's not? He's not a pilot. I just think a non-pilot would not know the sophistication of this system, right? I mean, better to have a pilot -- because my pilot said it's a terrible system that they're installing; that the work they're doing now is a waste of tremendous amounts of money because the system is a bad system. That's coming from a pilot.
PARTICIPANT: Mr. President, when you talk about jobs, and you just recently asked about that, what we talked about just recently with the airlines is infrastructure in the sky, which is really antiquated. But you refer to infrastructure on the ground, the airports.
THE PRESIDENT: Both.
PARTICIPANT: Yeah, and the airports really are becoming antiquated, to your point. There is a system, there is a charge called a passenger-facility charge, which is a charge that's levied on every ticket. And it hasn't been increased in 16 years, so it's basically defunded.
THE PRESIDENT: How much is it?
PARTICIPANT: It's $4.50. That could be increased by a simple act of Congress, and it's not a U.S. tax. It's a user fee. So as a customer uses my airport in Tampa, the airlines collect that fee and they send it back to us in Tampa. It never comes to Washington and gets approved in the budget.
THE PRESIDENT: The problem is, I don't like raising fees or taxes -- I'll be honest. I mean, we're spending all this money overseas, we're giving away trillions of dollars to all these countries. All of the countries that trade with us are ripping us off. The last thing we have to do is raise the fee. I understand what you're saying, but $4.50 -- it's a lot when you look at all of the passengers.
If there were other ways of doing this -- because you're only hurting yourself by -- really, eventually, people are going to just stop flying because it's very expensive with all the taxes. I mean, there are other ways. We're spending so much money overseas, fighting wars, doing things, and, frankly, making horrible trade deals. So don't worry about the money. I'll be able to get the money. The money -- we're going to change things around.
END
10:07 A.M. EST11:01 A.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, everybody, for being here today. It is with great pride, very great pride, that I say these words to you right now: Attorney General Jeff Sessions. (Applause.) Welcome to the White House. (Applause.)
I want to congratulate you, Jeff, your wife Mary, and your entire family. Jeff Sessions has been a federal prosecutor at the highest level and at the most respected level, a state attorney general, and then a U.S. senator for two decades. He has devoted his life to the cause of justice and believes deeply that all people are equals in the eyes of the law -- and very importantly for Jeff and for so many of us, also in the eyes of God.
He’s a man of integrity, a man of principle, and a man of total, utter resolve. You just got a little witnessing of that. That resolve is what we need right now. America faces many challenges. We face the menace of rising crime and the threat of deadly terror. And it’s not getting better, but it will get better very soon. It’s going to get a lot better.
These dangerous times require a determined attorney general, which is what Jeff is. Jeff understands that the job of attorney general is to serve and protect the people of the United States, and that is exactly what he will do, and do better than anybody else can. He’s trained better for it than anybody else. The level of respect that he has throughout this country as a former prosecutor, not even to mention being a long-time U.S. senator, is absolutely incredible.
He will be a great protector of the people. I’m signing three executive actions today designed to restore safety in America. These executive actions continue to deliver on my campaign promises.
First, I’m directing Department of Justice and Homeland Security to undertake all necessary and lawful action to break the back of the criminal cartels that have spread across our nation and are destroying the blood of our youth and other people, many other people.
Secondly, I’m directing Department of Justice to form a task force on reducing violent crime in America.
And thirdly, I’m directing the Department of Justice to implement a plan to stop crime and crimes of violence against law enforcement officers. It’s a shame what’s been happening to our great, truly great law enforcement officers. That’s going to stop as of today.
Today’s ceremony should be seen as a clear message to the gang members and drug dealers terrorizing innocent people. Your day is over. A new era of justice begins, and it begins right now.
I want to again thank and congratulate Mary and our new Attorney General, Jeff Sessions. I wish you God’s wisdom and blessings in your journey. Mr. Vice President, would you please conduct the swearing-in. Thank you. Thank you very much for being here, everyone. (Applause.)
(The Attorney General is sworn in.)
ATTORNEY GENERAL SESSIONS: Mr. President, thank you for this great honor. It’s something I never expected would happen in my life, but I do love the Department of Justice. I care about its traditions and its heritage. I had 15 years in that great department, and the honor to lead it now is something that I do not have words to express effectively.
There are a lot of things we need to do. First, we need to value and support and encourage the fabulous people who work there. I’ve worked with them over the years. I know how good they are, and their talents need to be directed at this nation’s benefit in a lot of different ways. We have a crime problem. I wish the blip -- I wish the rise that we are seeing in crime in America today were some sort of aberration or a blip. My best judgement, having been involved in criminal law enforcement for many years is that this is a dangerous, permanent trend that places the health and safety of the American people at risk. We will deploy the talents and abilities of the Department of Justice in the most effective way possible to confront this rise in crime and to protect the people of our country.
We have an increased threat, since I was a United States attorney, from terrorism. Mr. President, you’ve spoken firmly on that. You’ve led this nation to say we’re going to respond effectively to the threat of terrorism, and you can count on your Department of Justice to do so in an effective way. And you’ve said something that I believe and I think the American people believe -- that we need a lawful system of immigration; one that serves the interests of the people of the United States. That’s not wrong, that’s not immoral, that’s not indecent. We admit a million people a year plus, lawfully, and we need to end this lawlessness that threatens the public safety, pulls down wages of working Americans.
It is an honor beyond words to serve under you and your leadership. You’re putting together a great Cabinet, which is just a thrill for me to have the opportunity to join. And I look forward to making sure that every ounce of strength I have and that the people of the Department of Justice have is going to be focused on preserving and protecting the Constitution and the safety of this country. We will defend the laws of this country as passed by Congress. We will defend the lawful orders of the President of the United States with vigor and determination.
Thank you all for being here, I see a lot of good friends, and may God bless all our efforts. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
11:07 A.M. EST12:52 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: You've never seen so much paper on a President’s desk. (Laughter.) That's because we're negotiating lots of deals for our country, which will be tremendous.
And I just want to introduce Brian Krzanich, who's the CEO of Intel, a great, great company. And Brian called a few weeks ago and said, we want to do a very big announcement having to do with our country, but also having to do mostly with Arizona, and the jobs and the great technology that will be produced.
So this is Brian. And, Brian, why don't you say a few words and maybe also talk about the product you're going to be making. It’s amazing.
MR. KRZANICH: Yes. Thank you, Mr. President, for this. It’s an honor to be here today representing Intel and to be able to announce our $7 billion investment in our newest, most advanced factory -- Fab 42 in Chandler, Arizona. We’ll be completing that factory to make the most advanced 7-nanometer semiconductor chips on the planet.
Intel is very proud of the fact that the majority of our manufacturing is here in the U.S. and the majority of our research and development is here in the U.S., while over 80 percent of what we sell is sold outside of the U.S. And we're consistently one of the top five exporters in the country and one of the top two research and development spenders in the United States. And we've been able to do that even while the regulatory and tax policies have disadvantaged us in the past relative to the competition we have across the world.
And Fab 42 is an investment in Intel, but also the U.S.’s future in innovation and leadership in the semiconductor industry. Fab 42 will employ approximately 3,000 direct high-paying, high-wage, high-tech jobs at its peak, and over 10,000 people in the Arizona area in support of the factory. And this factory will produce, as I said, the most powerful computer chips on the planet, powering the best computers, the best data centers, autonomous cars. All of these devices are the most powerful computing devices on the planet.
And at Intel we have a simple saying that says, while other people predict the future, we build the future. And this factory is a great example of that.
I want to thank the President for this opportunity to be here today.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Brian. And you have something over there. Show a little bit about the new product.
MR. KRZANICH: This is an example of the wafer that will be built in Fab 42. This is one of our newest 10-nanometer silicon wafers. Seven-nanometers will be built in Fab 42. And this is the future of computing.
THE PRESIDENT: That's great, thanks. Do you have any questions for Brian? I know you have none for me, so how about -- (laughter) --
Q Are you going to bring back jobs? The other business you have outside the country, do you plan on bringing them back here?
MR. KRZANICH: This is actually expansion. This is about growth. So this position is actually about growth and new jobs in the U.S.
THE PRESIDENT: Great thing for Arizona. Unbelievable company and product, and we're very happy. And I can tell you the people of Arizona are very happy. It’s a lot of jobs. Probably the investment -- what are you saying, your total investment will be what?
MR. KRZANICH: Total investment in just this factory is $7 billion. But if you take Arizona, we already have two other factories in Arizona. So we have several tens of billions of dollars of investments in factories in Arizona. We're the number-one private employer in Arizona.
Q And how long have you been planning this investment?
MR. KRZANICH: We've been working on this factory for several years. We held off actually doing this investment until now.
Q Was there something that President Trump did or said that made you want to announce this here and now?
MR. KRZANICH: It’s really in support of the tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward that really make it advantageous to do manufacturing in the U.S.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, all.
END
12:56 P.M. ESTJ.W. Marriott
Washington, D.C.
9:18 A.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. This is -- great to be with people I truly feel comfortable with. Please sit down. They’ll say I didn’t get a standing ovation because they never sat down. (Laughter.) And I say, I got one standing ovation because they never sat down.
But I want to thank you. I have great, great love for what you do and the way you do it. And when I’m with the police chiefs and I’m with the sheriffs of our country -- and these are the big ones. These are the really big ones. I just want to thank you very much. And I thought before I spoke about what we’re really here to speak about, I would read something to you. Because you can be a lawyer, or you don’t have to be a lawyer; if you were a good student in high school or a bad student in high school, you can understand this.
And it’s really incredible to me that we have a court case that’s going on so long. As you know, in Boston, we won it with a highly respected judge and a very strong opinion, but now we’re in an era that, let’s just say, they are interpreting things differently than probably 100 percent of the people in this room. I’d like to almost know, does anybody disagree when I read this.
But I’m going to read what’s in dispute, what’s in question. And you will see this -- it’s INA 212(f) 8 U.S.C. 1182(f): “Suspension of entry or imposition of restrictions by the President” -- okay, now, this isn’t just me, this is for Obama, for Ronald Reagan, for the President. And this was done, very importantly, for security -- something you people know more about than all of us. It was done for the security of our nation, the security of our citizens, so that people come in who aren’t going to do us harm.
And that’s why it was done. And it couldn’t have been written any more precisely. It’s not like, oh, gee, we wish it were written better. It was written beautifully. So just listen, here’s what it says. This is what they’re arguing:
"Whenever the President finds that the entry of any aliens" -- okay, the entry, the entry of any aliens -- "or of any class of aliens" -- so any aliens, any class of aliens -- "into the United States" -- so the entry of people into the United States. Let’s say, just to be precise, of aliens into the United States.
So any time -- "whenever the President finds that the entry of any alien or any class of aliens into the United States would be detrimental to the interests of the United States" -- right? So if I find, as President, that a person or group of people will be detrimental to the interests of the United States -- and certainly there’s lots of examples that we have, but you shouldn’t even have them, necessarily -- he may be -- and "he may by proclamation, and for such period as he shall deem necessary…" Now, the only mistake is they should have said "he or she." But hopefully, it won’t be a she for at least another seven years. After that, I’m all -- (laughter and applause.) See? I just noticed that, actually. I just noticed it. I’m saying, whoa, this is not politically correct. It’s correct, but it’s not politically correct, you know, this is the old days.
He may by proclamation and for such period as he shall deem necessary -- so here it is, people coming in -- suspend the entry of all aliens. Right? That’s what it says. It’s not like -- again, a bad high school student would understand this. Anybody would understand this. Suspend the entry of all aliens or any class of aliens as immigrants or non-immigrants, or impose on the entry of aliens. Okay, so you can suspend the aliens, right? You can suspend the aliens from coming in -- very strong -- or impose on the entry of aliens any restrictions he may deem to be appropriate.
Okay. So you can suspend, you can put restrictions, you can do whatever you want. And this is for the security of the country -- which, again, you’re the chiefs, you’re the sheriffs. You understand this.
And I listened to lawyers on both sides last night, and they were talking about things that had just nothing to do with it. I listened to a panel of judges, and I’ll comment on that -- I will not comment on the statements made by certainly one judge. But I have to be honest that if these judges wanted to, in my opinion, help the court in terms of respect for the court, they'd what they should be doing. I mean, it’s so sad.
They should be -- when you read something so simple and so beautifully written, and so perfectly written -- other than the one statement, of course, having to do with he or she -- but when you read something so perfectly written and so clear to anybody, and then you have lawyers and you watched -- I watched last night in amazement, and I heard things that I couldn’t believe, things that really had nothing to do with what I just read.
And I don’t ever want to call a court biased, so I won’t call it biased. And we haven’t had a decision yet. But courts seem to be so political, and it would be so great for our justice system if they would be able to read a statement and do what’s right. And that has to do with the security of our country, which is so important.
Right now, we are at risk because of what happened. General Kelly is an extremely talented man and a very good man -- now Secretary Kelly, Homeland Security. We are doing our job. He’s a great man. (Applause.) We’re doing our job. And one of the reasons you probably heard that we did it so quickly -- in fact, I said, let’s give a one-month notice, and then law enforcement -- and General Kelly was so great because he said, we totally knew about it. We knew about everything. We do things well. We did things right.
But the law enforcement people said to me, oh, you can’t give a notice, because if you give a notice that you’re going to be really tough in one month from now, or in one week from now -- I suggested a month and I said, well, what about a week? They said, no, you can’t do that, because then people are going to pour in before the toughness goes on. Do you people agree? I mean, you know more about law than anybody, law enforcement. (Applause.)
So I wanted to give, like, a month. Then I said, well, what about a week? They said, well, then you’re going to have a whole pile of people perhaps -- perhaps -- with very evil intentions coming in before the restrictions.
So there it is, folks. It’s as plain as you can have it. I didn’t -- and I was a good student. I understand things. I comprehend very well, okay? Better than I think almost anybody. And I want to tell you, I listened to a bunch of stuff last night on television that was disgraceful. It was disgraceful. Because what I just read to you is what we have, and it just can’t be written any plainer or better. And for us to be going through this -- and, by the way, a highly, highly respected judge in Boston ruled very strongly in our favor. You heard that.
In fact, I said to my people, why don’t you use the Boston case? And there were reasons why they couldn’t use the Boston case. This one came later for various reasons. But use the Boston case. And I won’t read that, but there were statements made by that judge -- who, again, highly respected -- that were right on. They were perfect. They were perfect.
So I think it’s sad. I think it’s a sad day. I think our security is at risk today. And it will be at risk until such time as we are entitled and get what we are entitled to as citizens of this country. As chiefs, as sheriffs of this country, we want security.
One of the reasons I was elected was because of law and order and security. It’s one of the reasons I was elected. Also jobs and lots of other things. But I think one of the strongest reasons is security. And they’re taking away our weapons one by one, that’s what they’re doing. And you know it and I know it, and you people have been very unhappy for a long period of time. And I can read the polls maybe better than anybody because it seems that I understood the polls a lot better than many of the pollsters understood the polls -- assuming they were honest polls, which I think probably many of them weren’t. I really believe that. (Applause.)
But we need security in our country. We have to allow you folks to do your job. You’re great people, great people. Great men and women. And we have to allow you to do your job. And we have to give you the weapons that you need. And this is a weapon that you need. And they’re trying to take it away from you, maybe because of politics or maybe because of political views. We can’t let that happen.
So with that, let’s get on to business, right? It’s really something. Thank you. (Applause.)
I want to thank Sheriff Sandra Hutchens and Chief Tom Manger for your leadership and, frankly, for the service. You have had great service. Everyone has told me about you two legendary people. All of us here today are united by one shared mission: to serve and protect the public of the United States.
During my campaign for President, I had the chance to spend time with law enforcement officials all across our country. They are the most incredible people you will ever meet. And I just wanted to say to all of them right now, from the bottom of my heart, thank you, thank you, thank you. (Applause.)
There are many actions we in the federal government can take to help improve safety in your communities. But I believe that community safety begins with moral leadership. Our police officers, sheriffs and deputies risk their lives every day. And they’re entitled to an administration that has their back. (Applause.)
The first step in restoring public safety is affirming our confidence in the men and women charged with upholding our laws. And I’m going to add justices, judges in that category. And I’m very proud to have picked Judge Gorsuch, who I think is going to be an outstanding member of the Supreme Court -- outstanding. (Applause.)
So I’d like to begin my remarks with a declaration issued to all of you, and delivered to every member of the law enforcement community all across the United States. My message today is that you have a true, true friend in the White House. You have. (Applause.) I stand with you. I support our police. I support our sheriffs. And we support the men and women of law enforcement. (Applause.)
Right now, many communities in America are facing a public safety crisis. Murders in 2015 experienced their largest single-year increase in nearly half a century. In 2016, murders in large cities continued to climb by double digits. In many of our biggest cities, 2016 brought an increase in the number of homicides, rapes, assaults and shootings. In Chicago, more than 4,000 people were shot last year alone, and the rate so far this year has been even higher. What is going on in Chicago?
We cannot allow this to continue. We’ve allowed too many young lives to be claimed -- and you see that, you see that all over -- claimed by gangs, and too many neighborhoods to be crippled by violence and fear. Sixty percent of murder victims under the age of 22 are African American. This is a national tragedy, and it requires national action. This violence must end, and we must all work together to end it.
Whether a child lives in Detroit, Chicago, Baltimore, or anywhere in our country, he or she has the right to grow up in safety and in peace. No one in America should be punished because of the city where he or she is born. Every child in America should be able to play outside without fear, walk home without danger, and attend a school without being worried about drugs or gangs or violence.
So many lives and so many people have been cut short. Their potential, their life has been cut short. So much potential has been sidelined. And so many dreams have been shattered and broken, totally broken. It’s time to stop the drugs from pouring into our country. And, by the way, we will do that. And I will say this: General, now Secretary, Kelly will be the man to do it, and we will give him a wall. And it will be a real wall. (Applause.) And a lot of things will happen very positively for your cities, your states, believe me. The wall is getting designed right now. A lot of people say, oh, oh, Trump was only kidding with the wall. I wasn’t kidding. I don’t kid. I don’t kid. I watch this, and they say I was kidding. No, I don’t kid. I don’t kid about things like that, I can tell you. No, we will have a wall. It will be a great wall, and it will do a lot of -- will be a big help. Just ask Israel about walls. Do walls work? Just ask Israel. They work -- if it’s properly done.
It’s time to dismantle the gangs terrorizing our citizens, and it’s time to ensure that every young American can be raised in an environment of decency, dignity, love and support. You have asked for the resources, tools and support you need to get the job done. We will do whatever we can to help you meet those demands. That includes a zero tolerance policy for acts of violence against law enforcement. (Applause.) We all see what happens. We all see what happens and what’s been happening to you. It’s not fair.
We must protect those who protect us. The number of officers shot and killed in the line of duty last year increased by 56 percent from the year before. Last year, in Dallas, police officers were targeted for execution –- think of this. Who ever heard of this? They were targeted for execution. Twelve were shot and five were killed. These heroic officers died as they lived -– protecting the innocent, rushing into danger, risking their lives for people they did not even know, but for people that they were determined to save. Hats off to you people.
These slain officers are an eternal monument to all of the men and women who protect our streets and serve our public. We will not forget them, and we will not forget all of the others who made that final sacrifice in the line of duty.
God has blessed our nation to put these heroes among us. Those who serve in law enforcement work long hours. You work long hours. I know so many sheriffs, so many chiefs, so many police who work long hours and dangerous hours, oftentimes in difficult conditions and for not that much pay relative to what you’re doing. They do it because they care.
We must work with them, not against them. They’re working against you. For many years they’ve been working against you. We must support them, not undermine them. And instead of division and disunity -- and which is so much disunity -- we must build bridges of partnership and of trust. Those who demonize law enforcement or who use the actions of a few to discredit the service of many are hurting the very people they say that they want to help. When policing is reduced, crime is increased, and our poorest citizens suffer the most. And I see it all the time. When the number of police goes down, crime goes up.
To build needed trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve, it is not enough for us to merely talk to each other. We must listen to each other. All of us share the view that those in uniform must be held to the highest possible standard of conduct -- so important.
You're the role models to young Americans all across this country, many of whom want to go into law enforcement, many of whom want to be a sheriff or a police chief, many of whom -- they have great respect for you. Tremendous respect. You don't even realize it, but I will tell you, they have great respect and admiration for the people in this room and the people that you represent. And don't let anyone ever tell you different. Don't let the dishonest media try and convince you that it's different than that, because it's not. (Applause.)
That is why our commitment to law and law enforcement also includes ensuring that we are giving departments the resources they need to train, recruit and retain talent. As part of our commitment to safe communities, we will also work to address the mental health crisis. Prisons should not be a substitute for treatment. We will fight to increase access to life-saving treatment to battle the addiction to drugs, which is afflicting our nation like never ever before -- ever. (Applause.)
I've been here two weeks. I've met a lot of law enforcement officials. Yesterday, I brought them into the Oval Office. I asked a group, what impact do drugs have in terms of a percentage on crime? They said, 75 to 80 percent. That's pretty sad. We're going to stop the drugs from pouring in. We're going to stop those drugs from poisoning our youth, from poisoning our people. We're going to be ruthless in that fight. We have no choice. (Applause.)
And we're going to take that fight to the drug cartels and work to liberate our communities from their terrible grip of violence. You have the power and knowledge to tell General Kelly -- now Secretary Kelly -- who the illegal immigrant gang members are. Now, you have that power because you know them, you're there, you're local. You know the illegals, you know them by their first name, you know them by their nicknames. You have that power. The federal government can never be that precise. But you're in the neighborhoods -- you know the bad ones, you know the good ones.
I want you to turn in the bad ones. Call Secretary Kelly's representatives and we'll get them out of our country and bring them back where they came from, and we'll do it fast. You have to call up the federal government, Homeland Security, because so much of the problems -- you look at Chicago and you look at other places. So many of the problems are caused by gang members, many of whom are not even legally in our country.
And we will work with you on the frontlines to keep America safe from terrorism, which is what I began this with. Terrorism -- a tremendous threat, far greater than people in our country understand. Believe me. I've learned a lot in the last two weeks. And terrorism is a far greater threat than the people of our country understand. But we're going to take care of it. We're going to win. We're going to take care of it, folks.
Let today be the beginning of a great national partnership. Let today serve as a great call to action. And let this moment represent a new beginning in relations between law enforcement and our communities. I want you to know the American public totally stands with you. I want you to know the American people support you. I want you to know how proud we are, truly proud, to know you.
We applaud your efforts. We thank you for your service. And we promise that you will always find an open door at the White House -- an open invitation to our great cops and sheriffs nationwide. They're great people. You are great people.
Thank you. God bless you. And God bless America. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
9:44 A.M. EST9:49 A.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Oh, the sheriffs are great people. Well, thank you very much. Law enforcement was a big subject in the campaign and a subject that was very well received. You have no idea how respected you are, sheriffs and, generally speaking, the leaders of law enforcement. Anybody involved in law enforcement, you have no idea how respected you are -- you don't get the honest facts from the press -- if you don't know how respected you are. So I just want to say that upfront.
I’m honored to welcome the National Sheriffs' Association. Your leadership is here, and I know the great job you do. I’ve known you and followed you for a long period of time. Your efforts and your officers are outstanding. I know so many sheriffs from my area -- some in particular -- and they're great friends and great people.
I just want to let you know that our job is to help you in law enforcement, and we're going to help you do your job. We're going to expand access to abuse-deterring drugs, which a lot of you have been talking about. They're out, and they're very hard to get. Stop the opioid epidemic. We've got to do it. It’s a new thing. And, honestly, people aren’t talking about it enough. It’s a new thing, and it’s a new problem for you folks. It’s probably a vast majority of your crimes -- or at least a very big portion of your crimes are caused by drugs.
We're going to stop the border. We're going to stop -- we're not going to have the drugs pouring from the border like they have been. We will work with you on supporting your longstanding efforts to strengthen the bonds between the communities and the police, which is very important. And it’s sort a new phenomenon to a certain extent, and it’s happening more and more. And some great results out when you can strengthen the bonds.
We're committed to securing our borders to reduce crime, illegal drugs, human trafficking, especially in border counties. We have a lot of the border counties represented.
We're also committed to working with law enforcement to stop terrorist attacks. You've been reading about that, been seeing about that -- they want to take a lot of our powers away. There are some people with a lot of the wrong intentions, and it's -- we've got a lot of bad people out there.
And, Dana, I just want to thank you on behalf of the government, on behalf of our country for leading a strong, strong effort in the courts. We really appreciate it, believe me. Because as you know, we don't have an attorney general. We have somebody who's phenomenal -- Jeff Sessions. He’s going to be there hopefully soon. But I believe it’s about a record for the length of time that they’ve delayed the Cabinet. These are Cabinet members that are phenomenal people. And we haven’t had representation, and now we have excellent representation, fortunately, in Dana. And Jeff will be with you very shortly, hopefully. But we're having a hard time getting approvals. And it’s only a delay tactic -- it’s all politics.
One person came up to me, a senator, a Democratic senator who came up to me the other day and said, Jeff Sessions is a fantastic man. He’s fabulous. He’s a friend of mine. He’s a great, great man and a great talent. And we're lucky to have him. I said, oh, great, I guess that means you're voting for him? No, I won’t be voting that. (Laughter.) He said, politics doesn't allow me to do that.
I thought it was a disgrace. If the press talks loud and hard enough, I’ll have to tell you who said that to me. You don't want to hear it. You don't want to hear who said that? (Laughter.) I didn't think you’d care. I didn't think you’d care. I’ll probably tell you, actually. Anyway.
So we're going to be very tough on crime. So we're going to be very tough on the drugs pouring in, and that's a big part of the crime. We're going to be very strong at the border. We have no choice. And we're going to be building a wall. We're starting very soon. General Kelly will be working with a lot of you. And he’s fantastic. He was the one who got approved very quickly along with General Mattis. He’s very, very outstanding. And I very much appreciate that you're here today.
And, Sheriff, I really thank you for leading the effort. Your reputation is fantastic, and it’s a great honor to know you. Maybe we can go around -- we’ll let the press stay for a little while, unless you’d rather leave. Would the press rather stay? Just so you understand. This is a new phenomenon. You're on live television all over the world right now, so don't get nervous when you speak, okay? (Laughter.)
But I don't think these things have ever taken place before. But you are on live television, so if you don't want to say anything, you don't have to. But if you do, I think it’s a good thing to say. So maybe we’ll just go around the room.
SHERIFF WELSH: Well, Mr. President, thank you so much for having us here. I’m Sheriff Carolyn Welsh from Chester County, Pennsylvania, and proud to say Pennsylvania, the commonwealth, that put you over the top November 8th.
THE PRESIDENT: It’s true. (Laughter.)
SHERIFF WELSH: We're very proud of that. We don't stop bragging about that.
THE PRESIDENT: You were a great support.
SHERIFF WELSH: Thank you. And I just want to thank you for, during the campaign and since the campaign, being such a strong, courageous supporter of law enforcement on the national -- on the federal level with the Border Patrol, on the state level, and the counties, municipalities, boroughs, and particularly with the elected sheriffs of the counties -- because we are the sheriff, we are the people’s representative, and we are elected by the people, and we greatly appreciate your strong and continued support.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Carolyn. There’s a new sheriff in town.
SHERIFF WELSH: That's right.
THE PRESIDENT: I hear this so much. (Laughter.) I hear this so much, Dana. They always use, "there’s a new sheriff in town." So anyway.
SHERIFF EAVANSON: Sheriff Harold Eavanson from Rockwall County, Texas. We appreciate your support very much. Our county is probably about 85 percent Republican. So it was pretty easy for you --
THE PRESIDENT: They were very nice. I agree. They were very nice.
SHERIFF EAVANSON: And being in a border state, I have been to the border in Texas any number of times, been to the border in Arizona. I clearly understand the problem we have. And previously when we’d go to the border and hear what the ranchers and sheriffs have to say -- those border sheriffs and border ranchers, it was a 180 degrees from what we heard from the previous administration.
THE PRESIDENT: So you're seeing a big difference?
SHERIFF EAVANSON: We're very proud to have you as President.
THE PRESIDENT: And that's only two weeks. Okay? It’s a very short period of time. I’m hearing it from a lot of people. People are calling in and they're -- and people I know that are in the area, they're saying it’s like day and night. Because we're not playing games. We're not playing games. We're stopping the drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth. So thank you very much. I appreciate it.
SHERIFF EAVANSON: You're welcome.
MR. THOMPSON: Mr. President, I’m Jonathan Thompson, the executive director and CEO of the National Sheriffs’ Association. Let me tell you the difference of six months. I sat in this room, in this chair, and I was pleading -- I was begging for help. Today, you’ve invited us here to your home. You're offering help. You're delivering on that offer. And on behalf of our members across the country, thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. It’s so nice. I appreciate that.
SHERIFF STANEK: Mr. President, Rich Stanek from Hennepin County, Minneapolis, Minnesota.
First off, thank you very much. As Ms. Conway said, next time, up by three points in my state -- over the top.
THE PRESIDENT: Boy, we almost won your state. You know we weren't supposed to do very well in your state, and we won -- lost by one point. I say, if I went there one more visit we would have won. (Laughter.) We would have won Minnesota. But it was very close.
SHERIFF STANEK: Many of us have your back, Mr. President.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, I know.
SHERIFF STANEK: And I just want to say that you hit on two topics that are near and dear to my heart. The first is opioids -- 144 people that died last year as a result of opioid overdose; 31 percent increase over the year before. We need help. Eighty-plus percent of the drugs come from south of the border. Everybody knows it. I know you will do something about it.
THE PRESIDENT: I will. It's already being done, believe me. It's a big, big difference. And we will do that, and you do have a big problem, and you have a big problem with the refugees pouring in, don't you?
SHERIFF STANEK: Yes, we do, sir. And we all asking if what you're doing, which is let the courts decide, do what we've been doing. Rule of law is strong and the proper vetting of individuals is really important to us.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, you know, the vetting is much, much tougher now. And we need this court case. It will be very helpful to keeping the wrong people out of our country. You understand that better than anybody. So I think we're going to have some good results.
SHERIFF STANEK: I do, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: It may take a little while. And you know, this is a very dangerous period of time because while everybody is talking and dealing, a lot of bad people are thinking about, hey, let's go in right now. But we're being very, very tough with the vetting -- tougher than ever before.
SHERIFF STANEK: Sir, I chaired the Homeland Security Committee for the National Sheriffs' Association. We heard from General Kelly yesterday, his message was right on the mark about carrying out your directives, and we appreciate that.
THE PRESIDENT: That used to be a political position, you know, what General Kelly is doing here right now. Homeland Security, if you remember -- it's like a political position. Not anymore. Now it's, in my opinion, one of truly most important positions. So he's doing a great job. Thank you very much.
SHERIFF STANEK: Thank you, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: Yes, sir.
SHERIFF GLICK: Mr. President, thank you. It's such an honor to be here. I'm Danny Glick, sheriff of Laramie County, Wyoming. You know, there are so many issues that you'll hear going around this table. One of the ones that probably isn't -- that people don't realize is EPA decisions that have affected our coal industry, our oil industry in the West. But beyond that, it increases the number of people that are jobless and thus increases our crime statistics. And it's starting to overwhelm us. We're very small out there for the most part, and we don't have the numbers of deputies, officers and law enforcement that can sometimes keep up with this. I appreciate what you've done and what you're planning in the future. I think it was very well publicized, and I just appreciate being here today.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Sheriff. And I will tell you that the EPA -- you're right. I call it -- it's clogged the bloodstream of our country. People can't do anything. People are looking to get approvals for factories for 15 years, and then after the 15th year they get voted down after having spent a fortune. So that's going to end. We have one of our really great people -- as you know, Scott is looking to be approved by the Senate. We're still waiting for that one, too. It's a disgrace what's going on. But as soon as he gets involved, we're going to unclog the system.
And, by the way, people are going to get rejected, but they're going to get rejected quickly. But for the most part, they're going to be accepted when they want to do. We're going to bring the jobs back. And your state was very, very good to me, as you know. I mean, they were very, very good to me and I appreciate that. And just tell the people we're going to get the system unclogged and we're going to get it up.
As you know, I approved two pipelines that were stuck in limbo forever. I don't even think it was controversial. You know, I approved them -- I haven't even heard -- I haven't had one call from anybody saying, oh, that was a terrible thing you did. I haven't had one call. You know, usually, if I do something it's like bedlam, right? I haven't had one call from anybody. And a lot of jobs -- in the Keystone case, we have potentially 32,000 jobs almost immediately. And then, as you know, I did the Dakota pipeline and nobody called up to complain. Because it was unfair. Years of getting approvals, nobody showed up to fight it. This company spends a tremendous -- hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars, and then all of a sudden, people show up to fight it. It's not fair to our companies. And I think everyone is going to be happy in the end, okay?
So I appreciate it very much, Sheriff. It's a great honor to have you here. Thank you. And say hello to your people.
Yes, sir.
SHERIFF LAYTON: Good morning, Mr. President. I'm John Layton. I'm the sheriff of Marion County, Indiana, which is -- (laughter) --
THE PRESIDENT: You never met our great Vice President. (Laughter.)
SHERIFF LAYTON: I'm very proud of this man. And we as sheriffs -- this is, to me, it seems like it's unprecedented. I look back into the history of the NSA, long before myself, and I never have -- I could never find where -- not only did the President and now the Vice President, as well, has invited us into your house to share some concerns of ours --
THE PRESIDENT: And in about 10 minutes, you're going to see the Oval Office, too, which is -- that's the other thing, you know, people have had meetings here. I had the car companies, the biggest companies -- Ford, General Motors, Fiat -- and they were in this room often. And I said, oh, so you've seen the Oval Office? "No, we've never been invited to see the Oval Office." You know where the Oval Office is? Ten feet in that direction -- 10 feet.
SHERIFF LAYTON: Looking forward to it. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: Look, these are the biggest people that were going there -- these are the biggest people. So they were never invited to the Oval Office and they were only 10 feet away. You would think they would be invited. But you're going to see the Oval Office, okay?
SHERIFF LAYTON: Thank you, Mr. President. One of the main concerns was not just my office as sheriff, but across the nation -- the mentally ill in the jails, and the people that they're being really, for lack of a better term, warehoused in our jails across America because we don't have the facilities necessary to take care of them on the outside. And it ends up a lot of these people go to jail because the public or the police officer happens to be mad at them at the time, instead of they need to be in the jail for a very good reason. So we just appreciate you having the back of law enforcement. We do all feel that, as everyone with a badge knows, that you do have our backs and that we're looking forward to years of harmony and taking care of business with the people we serve.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I appreciate it. And I will say that, in the recent election, law enforcement is with me. I mean, the numbers were staggering -- staggering. It wasn't like, gee, it's 51-49. Believe me, it was through the roof. Law enforcement and military also.
SHERIFF LAYTON: Absolutely.
THE PRESIDENT: I think, generally, people in uniform tend to like me. (Laughter.) Explain that to me. Dana, explain that to me. (Laughter.) So, Sheriff, thank you very much. And do you miss your former governor?
SHERIFF LAYTON: We do, we do.
THE PRESIDENT: You have a good new governor.
SHERIFF LAYTON: Holcomb is holding down the fort for us, though, but big shoes for him to fill.
THE PRESIDENT: Mike Pence has been fantastic.
SHERIFF LAYTON: Yes, he has.
THE PRESIDENT: Dana, I want to thank you for your service. Amazing the way you just stepped into the breach and have done such a good job. And let's see what happens with the court case.
MR. BOENTE: Well, Mr. President, thank you for the privilege to serve you and the Department of Justice and the American people. I'm very honored by it. And I want to thank all the sheriffs here, but I guess our local and state partners -- it's very important to federal law enforcement and all the agencies. And I know that Senator Sessions -- we're looking forward to him getting to the Department -- will make that an important priority. And he wants to strengthen that bond that we have with them because it's very, very important to law enforcement.
THE PRESIDENT: Yes, well, thank you very much. And, you know, one of the things that you know better than anybody is that we had a very good victory in Boston. So I said to everybody, why don’t we use the Boston case? Why aren’t we using the Boston case? Because the Boston victory was great, but it's statutorily --
MR. BOENTE: Judge Gordon, who wrote that decision, had a very good analysis where he referred to immigration law, and I thought it was a terrific opinion. And I think it’s the right opinion.
THE PRESIDENT: And a highly respected judge, too. So I appreciate it. Thank you, Dana, very much. Appreciate it.
SHERIFF PAGE: Mr. President, I’m Sheriff Page from Rockingham County, North Carolina. And you did very well in North Carolina. (Laughter.) And I just want to --
THE PRESIDENT: Go North Carolina.
SHERIFF PAGE: Hey! (Laughter.) And I just want to say that we appreciate you being where you’re at. The first responsibility of government is protecting its people. As we as elected by the people and you’re elected by the people, we got that. When you say there's a new sheriff in town, we relate to that. You’re about the rule of law. We haven’t seen that in many years, and we appreciate that.
And I want to tell you something -- when General Kelly was speaking yesterday for the sheriffs, he made -- he was telling us about -- he went -- I saw something that I haven’t seen before. He went to the border, he looked at the assets, and he asked the law enforcement down there, what’s going on and what can we do to help fix the situation down here.
So you’ve got a good team. You’re putting together a good team. You’ve got the support of sheriffs from across the country, and we appreciate what you’re doing.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you. And a funny story -- so when General Kelly was just sworn in, now Secretary Kelly, and I said, you want to have dinner tonight and we’ll talk? “Sir, I’m heading to the border.” I said, I like that better. (Laughter.) We don’t need to eat. I said, I like that better. So he’s right on the ball, he’s going to be fantastic. Because everybody has said the same thing.
Thank you. That’s very nice.
SHERIFF PAGE: Thank you, sir.
SHERIFF MAHONEY: Good morning, Mr. President. Dave Mahoney, I’m the sheriff in Dane County, which is Madison, Wisconsin. I want to thank you for inviting our nation’s sheriffs into the White House. You know, as the only elected law enforcement leaders in our community, we are the most engaged in our community's issues and concerns. And I think it’s important. I think there’s a strong message when the President of the United States invites our nation’s sheriffs in to talk about those issues that are of importance in our community.
THE PRESIDENT: Has this ever happened before with the sheriffs?
PARTICIPANT: No, sir.
PARTICIPANT: No, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: It never happened?
PARTICIPANT: Never.
THE PRESIDENT: And yet the murder rate in our country is the highest it’s been in 47 years, right? Did you know that? Forty-seven years. I used to use that -- I’d say that in a speech and everybody was surprised, because the press doesn’t tell it like it is. It wasn’t to their advantage to say that. But the murder rate is the highest it’s been in, I guess, from 45 to 47 years. And you would think that you would be invited here, and you would think that you people would be able to solve -- had you -- if you ran Chicago, you would solve that nightmare, I tell you. I’ll bet everybody in that room, especially Carolyn, right, would raise their hand. Because to allow -- I mean, literally -- hundreds of shootings a month, it’s worse than some of the places that we read about in the Middle East, where you have wars going on. It’s so sad. Chicago has become so sad a situation.
SHERIFF MAHONEY: I’m only three hours from downtown Chicago, and as Sheriff Stanek mentioned, the issues of heroin and opiate addiction -- I’m averaging 12, 15 overdoses a week in my community. And we need help from DEA, FBI, and our task forces. We need them to be adequately funded and led by leaders who want to work collectively with our nation’s sheriffs.
THE PRESIDENT: How much of your crime is caused, do you think, by drugs generally?
SHERIFF MAHONEY: Eighty percent?
THE PRESIDENT: Eighty percent. So without drugs, you would have a whole different ballgame.
SHERIFF MAHONEY: I have a jail, over 1,000 beds. Eighty percent suffer from chronic drug and alcohol addiction.
THE PRESIDENT: And when did it start, big league? Or has it been going on for many years?
SHERIFF MAHONEY: Well, I think heroin and opiates have overshadowed cocaine, which of course has been, since the eighties, our number-one drug of choice. Now it’s prescription painkillers and --
THE PRESIDENT: And at a much higher level?
SHERIFF MAHONEY: At a higher level.
THE PRESIDENT: Much higher.
SHERIFF MAHONEY: The overdoses are at a much higher level.
THE PRESIDENT: Right, right.
PARTICIPANT: Mr. President, I hate to interrupt -- it used to take 90 days to take a load of heroin from the border to get it into the (inaudible) mainstream. Now it’s taking 14 days.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, well, we’ll have it take infinity, okay? (Laughter.)
SHERIFF MAHONEY: I want to thank you too for seeking the input and guidance of our nation’s sheriffs on issues like immigration. My community is looking for immigration reform, an expedited way for a good immigrant to obtain citizenship in this great country. And I appreciate the invitation today to join you, and look forward to working with you on many of these issues. Some we’ll disagree on, but far more we’re going to agree on.
THE PRESIDENT: Absolutely, you’re right. I actually can’t believe that we’re having to fight to protect the security -- in a court system to protect the security of our nation. I can’t even believe it. And a lot of people agree with us, believe me. There’s a group of people out there -- and I mean much more than half of our country -- much, much more. You’re not allowed to use the term “silent majority” anymore. You’re not allowed, because they make that into a whole big deal.
But there’s a group of people out there -- massive, massive numbers, far bigger than what you see protesting. And if those people ever protested, you would see a real protest. But they want to see our borders secure and our country secure, and they want to see people that can love our country come in, not people that are looking to destroy our country.
So anyway, thank you, Sheriff.
SHERIFF AUBREY: Sheriff John Aubrey, fifth-term sheriff, Jefferson County, Kentucky. Past president of National Sheriffs' Association. And my fellow sheriffs have brought up a number of points, and I’d like to add two to it that I know are on your plate and the administration’s plate. The 1033 program, where we were sharing Department of Defense surplus material that helps us in our war. They were used in the war, and they helped us in our war. That got severely curtailed.
And the other thing is asset forfeiture. People want to say we’re taking money and without due process. That’s not true. We take money from dope dealers --
THE PRESIDENT: So you’re saying -- okay, so you’re saying the asset-taking you used to do, and it had an impact, right? And you’re not allowed to do it now?
SHERIFF AUBREY: No, they have curtailed it a little bit. And I’m sure the folks are --
THE PRESIDENT: And that’s for legal reasons? Or just political reasons?
SHERIFF AUBREY: They make it political and they make it -- they make up stories. All you’ve got to do --
THE PRESIDENT: I’d like to look into that, okay? There’s no reason for that. Dana, do you think there’s any reason for that? Are you aware of this?
MR. BOENTE: I am aware of that, Mr. President. And we have gotten a great deal of criticism for the asset forfeiture, which, as the sheriff said, frequently was taking narcotics proceeds and other proceeds of crime. But there has been a lot of pressure on the department to curtail some of that.
THE PRESIDENT: So what do you do? So in other words, they have a huge stash of drugs. So in the old days, you take it. Now we’re criticized if we take it. So who gets it? What happens to it? Tell them to keep it?
MR. BOENTE: Well, we have what is called equitable sharing, where we usually share it with the local police departments for whatever portion that they worked on the case. And it was a very successful program, very popular with the law enforcement community.
THE PRESIDENT: And now what happens?
MR. BOENTE: Well, now we’ve just been given -- there’s been a lot of pressure not to forfeit, in some cases.
THE PRESIDENT: Who would want that pressure, other than, like, bad people, right? But who would want that pressure? You would think they’d want this stuff taken away.
SHERIFF AUBREY: You have to be careful how you speak, I guess. But a lot of pressure is coming out of -- was coming out of Congress. I don’t know that that will continue now or not.
THE PRESIDENT: I think less so. I think Congress is going to get beat up really badly by the voters because they've let this happen. And I think badly. I think you'll be back in shape. So, asset forfeiture, we're going to go back on, okay?
SHERIFF AUBREY: Thank you, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: I mean, how simple can anything be? You all agree with that, I assume, right?
PARTICIPANT: Absolutely, yeah.
THE PRESIDENT: Do you even understand the other side of it?
PARTICIPANT: No.
THE PRESIDENT: It's like some things --
PARTICIPANT: No sense.
THE PRESIDENT: Sort of like the Iran deal. Nobody even understands how a thing like that could have happened. It does nothing.
PARTICIPANT: You shouldn’t be allowed to profit from the illegal proceeds. So if you're going to sell narcotics and sell illegal drugs in our country, you also cannot profit from that. And so we seize those profits.
THE PRESIDENT: So do we need any legislation or any executive orders for that, would you say, Dana -- to put that back in business?
MR. BOENTE: I don’t think we need any executive orders. We just need kind of some encouragement to move in that direction.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay. Good. You're in charge. (Laughter.) I love that answer, because it's better than signing executive orders and then these people take it and they make it look so terrible -- "oh, it's so terrible." I love it. You're encouraged.
PARTICIPANT: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Good. Asset forfeiture. You're encouraged. Okay. Yes, sir.
MR. BITTICK: Mr. President, we appreciate you having us here today at the White House. My name is John Cary Bittick, and I'm a sheriff in Monroe County, Georgia. And I'm a past president of the National Sheriffs Association, as well. And I currently chair our governmental affairs committee. And I just want to thank you for the administration working actually on pieces of legislation and on political ideas with us. It's refreshing, and we are thoroughly enjoying it. We are currently working with Senator Grassley on some criminal justice reform issues. And the administration has been supporting us. And asset forfeiture is a big thing.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, go for it. Just go for it. Dana will tell me if I can't or if -- (laughter) --
MR. BITTICK: Yes, sir. I think they got that message.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay, that's great.
MR. BITTICK: But we appreciate it, and we appreciate your ear. And we appreciate you taking the time to sit down and at least talk to us.
THE PRESIDENT: I appreciate it too. Thank you, John.
MR. BITTICK: Thanks for your support.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you.
SHERIFF CHAMPAGNE: Thank you, Mr. President, Mr. Vice President. Greg Champagne, I am sheriff in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, basically a suburban community outside of New Orleans. I have the honor of representing 3,088 sheriffs around the country. And you see the leadership of our organization. These are the leadership of past presidents and the future presidents of our agency. But more importantly than that, we all represent and oversee literally a few hundred thousand deputy sheriffs who are truly the backbone of law enforcement in this country. We have a bumper sticker the NSA puts out that says, "Sheriffs and deputies: The original homeland security." And so that is a force-multiplier.
Those men and women out there are the tip of the spear, and we stand ready to help and keep this community safe, because that's what we're all elected to do. So we thank you so much for having us.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. You're a great group of people.
We're going to go into the Oval Office. Does anybody have anything to -- not even a question, a statement, as to how we can bring about law enforcement in a very good, civil, lovely way, but we have to stop crime -- right? Would anybody like to make a statement?
PARTICIPANT: Mr. President, on asset forfeiture, we got a state senator in Texas who was talking about introducing legislation to require conviction before we can receive their forfeiture.
THE PRESIDENT: Can you believe that?
PARTICIPANT: And I told him that the cartel would build a monument to him in Mexico if he could get that legislation.
THE PRESIDENT: Who is the state senator? Want to give his name? We'll destroy his career. (Laughter.) Okay, thank you.
PARTICIPANT: Mr. President, we have been invited to the White House before. We've sat at this table with the former administration. This is totally different. Not once did the President go around the room and ask the sheriffs what were issues that were important to us, he or she, in our parts of the country, but rather it was an outgoing message about gun control, about other things. You asked us what is important to us, whether it's mental health in the jails, opioid addiction. You hit it right off the bat. The border, immigration, vetting. We appreciate that. That has not happened before. We've been here before, but we've never had a President sit down and listen to what it is that we're facing representing our constituents and public safety across this country. And that's why we appreciate it. That's why we're here today.
THE PRESIDENT: You know, Bill Belichick, is a great guy, a friend of mine. And he was telling me -- somebody told me that he'll oftentimes, wanting to get a player, he'll go to the other players on the team -- he'll say, what do you think of this guy? You know, they all the different people. And he'll listen to them. And he's done very well, right? He's done very well. And essentially what they're -- we're talking to the people that know -- I'm not telling you, you're telling me. That came up this morning. I mean, that was a big statement. And I didn’t realize it was all clogged. The system is all clogged. So we're going to unclog the system, and we're going to go right now into the Oval Office.
Would you like the press to come in with you, Mr. Vice President? Should we let them come in? Otherwise they're going turn around, waiting for the next meeting for six hours. They don’t have such an easy job, I'll tell you. They don’t have such an easy job.
Q Mr. President, how far are you willing to take your travel ban fight?
THE PRESIDENT: Oh, we're going to take it through the system. It's very important. It's very important for the country, regardless of me or whoever succeeds at a later date. I mean, we have to have security in our country. We have to have the ability. When you take some place like Syria, when you take all of the different people pouring -- and if you remember, ISIS said, we are going to infiltrate the United States and other countries through the migration. And then we're not allowed to be tough on the people coming in? Explain that one.
So we'll see what happens. We have big court case. We're well-represented. And we're going to see what happens.
Q Is it going to go to the Supreme Court, you think?
THE PRESIDENT: It could. We will see. Hopefully it doesn’t have to. It's common sense. You know, some things are law, and I'm all in favor of that. And some things are common sense. This is common sense.
Q Mr. President, if it's unreported or under-reported -- "unreported" is the phrase you used yesterday -- but if it's under-reported, why do you think the media is not reporting, or America is not caring about this type of --
THE PRESIDENT: I have to know, because I'm reported on possibly more than anybody in the world -- I don’t think you have anything to say about that. I happen to know how dishonest the media is. I happen to know stories about me that should be good -- or bad -- you know, I don’t mind a bad story if it's true. But I don’t like bad stories that -- stories that should be a positive story when they make them totally negative. I understand the total dishonesty of the media better than anybody. And I let people know it. I mean, the media is a very, very dishonest arm, and we'll see what happens. Not everybody. And I have to say that. I always preface it by saying, not everybody. But there's tremendous dishonest -- pure, outright dishonesty from the media.
Let’s go into the Oval Office.
(Meeting moves to Oval Office.)
THE PRESIDENT: So they said this is the first President they've ever seen with all the papers on their desk. (Inaudible) cutting the price of the F-35 fighters. We have a lot of papers.
Okay, go ahead, folks.
PARTICIPANT: Mr. President, on behalf of 3,088 sheriffs in America, there is a new sheriff in town, and it's only fitting that we provide you with our sculpture. The first time the NSA has provided a sculpture to a non-law enforcement person. And there is a new sheriff in town -- for you.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you so much. Thank you. (Applause.) It’s beautiful.
END
10:21 A.M. ESTMacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida
1:48 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. (Applause.) Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. That’s so nice. A lot of spirit. Great spirit for this country. Thank you, all. We have tremendous spirit and I want to thank you.
We had a wonderful election, didn’t we? (Applause.) And I saw those numbers -- and you like me, and I like you. That’s the way it worked. (Laughter.)
I'm honored to be here today among so many of our really and truly great heroes. I want to begin by thanking General Votel and General Thomas for their distinguished leadership and service on behalf of our country. Very, very outstanding people. I’d also like to thank General Dunford, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. That’s big stuff, when you have the Chairman. Where is -- Joe, stand up for a second. This is one of the great people. (Applause.) Thank you.
Also, Commander Vogel and everyone serving at MacDill Air Force Base. Quite a place. And we’re going to be loading it up with beautiful new planes and beautiful new equipment. You’ve been lacking a little equipment. We’re going to load it up. You’re going to get a lot of equipment. Believe me. (Applause.)
So importantly, also, let me thank all of the coalition partners and their representatives assembled here today. We proudly -- very proudly -- stand with you, and we will be fighting for your security. They’re fighting for our security and freedom.
Let me recognize our great governor and a very good friend of mine, and somebody who endorsed me -- that makes him a better friend of mine. (Laughter.) You know, if they don’t endorse, believe me, if you’re ever in this position, it’s never quite the same, okay? (Laughter.) You can talk, but it never means the same. But this man is a great, great governor and has done a fantastic job -- Rick Scott, governor, stand up please. (Applause.) Thank you, Rick.
Finally, on behalf of the entire nation, let me express our gratitude to all members -- and I mean all members -- of our military serving in the United States Central Command and the United States Special Operations Command. We salute the Army, Marine Corps, Navy, Air Force, and Coast Guard, along with our civilian defense personnel, who are so important to the success of what we’re doing.
Let me also recognize the military families and spouses who bravely shoulder the burdens of war. I want every military family in this country to know that our administration is at your service. We stand with you 100 percent. We will protect those who protect us, and we will never ever let you down. As your President, I have no higher duty than to protect the American people -- highest duty we have. I said it the other night. Great, great Supreme Court nominee -- you all saw that -- but I said to myself, perhaps the only thing more important to me definitely is the defense of our nation. The Supreme Court is so important, but we have to defend our nation. And we will do that, believe me. (Applause.) We will do that. And each and every one of you is central to that mission.
The men and women serving at CENTCOM and SOCOM have poured out their hearts and souls for this country. They really experience things that very few people get to experience. You’ve shed your blood across the continents and the oceans. You’ve engaged the enemy on distant battlefields, toiled in the burning heat and bitter cold, and sacrificed everything so that we can remain safe and strong and free. Our administration will always honor our sacred bond to those who serve, and we will never ever forget you. Believe me, we will never ever forget you.
We will ensure that the men and women of our military have the tools, equipment, resources, training, and supplies you need to get the job done. You’ve seen me say we’ve been depleted. Our navy is at a point almost as low as World War I. That’s a long time ago. That’s a long time ago. It’s not going to happen anymore, folks. It’s not going to happen anymore -- not with me.
But we will ensure no taxpayer dollars are wasted. I have already saved more than $700 million when I got involved in the negotiation on the F-35. You know about that. And I want to thank Lockheed Martin and I want to thank Boeing, and I want to thank all of the companies that have really opened up. And when I say opened up, Rick Scott understands this very well -- opened up and cut their prices. Okay? Because that’s what they did. And we’ve got that program, it’s going to be back in really great shape from really being very troubled.
And we are going to be taking care of our great veterans. We will make a historic financial investment in the Armed Forces of the United States and show the entire world that America stands with those who stand in defense of freedom. We have your back every hour, every day, now and always. That also means getting our allies to pay their fair share. It's been very unfair to us. We strongly support NATO. We only ask that all of the NATO members make their full and proper financial contributions to the NATO Alliance, which many of them have not been doing. Many of them have not been even close, and they have to do that.
Central Command and Central [Special] Operations Command are at the very center of our fight against radical Islamic terrorism. America stands in awe of your courage. Those serving at CENTCOM have bravely fought across the theater of war in the Middle East, and bravely battled a vicious enemy that has no respect for human life. Today, we express our gratitude to everyone serving overseas, including all of our military personnel in Afghanistan.
SOCOM has dispatched its legendary warriors to the most secret, sensitive and daring missions in defense of the United States of America. No enemy stands a chance against our Special Forces -- not even a chance. They don't have a chance, and that's the way we're going to keep it. And you're going to be better off because you're going to have the finest equipment known to man. Going to be better off.
For proof that our nation has been blessed by God, look no further than the men and women of the United States military. They are the greatest fighters and the greatest force of justice on the face of the Earth and that the world has ever known. The challenges facing our nation nevertheless are very large -- very, very large.
We're up against an enemy that celebrates death and totally worships destruction -- you've seen that. ISIS is on a campaign of genocide, committing atrocities across the world. Radical Islamic terrorists are determined to strike our homeland as they did on 9/11; as they did from Boston to Orlando, to San Bernardino. And all across Europe, you've seen what happened in Paris and Nice. All over Europe it's happening. It's gotten to a point where it's not even being reported and, in many cases, the very, very dishonest press doesn't want to report it. They have their reasons and you understand that.
So today, we deliver a message in one very unified voice: To these forces of death and destruction, America and its allies will defeat you. We will defeat them. We will defeat radical Islamic terrorism, and we will not allow it to take root in our country. We're not going to allow it. You've been seeing what's been going on over the last few days. We need strong programs so that people that love us and want to love our country and will end up loving our country are allowed in -- not people that want to destroy us and destroy our country. (Applause.)
Freedom, security and justice will prevail. In his first State of the Union message, President George Washington wrote that, "To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace." Almost 200 years later, as the General was also speaking about Ronald Reagan, he said that wisdom comes in three very, very strong words: "Peace through strength." I've said it many times during the campaign, speaking in front of tens of thousands of people at one sitting, and I'd always mention America first -- a phrase that you probably never heard, "Make America Great Again." (Applause.) Anybody ever heard that? (Applause.) And peace through strength.
The men and women of the United States military provide the strength to bring peace to our troubled, troubled times. We stand behind you. We support your mission. We love our country. We are loyal to our people. We respect our flag. We celebrate our traditions. We honor our heroes. You are our heroes. And we are prepared to fight. And we pray for peace.
Thank you. God bless you, and God bless America. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
2:00 P.M. ESTTranscript:
My fellow Americans,
This week I nominated Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court.
Judge Gorsuch is one of the most qualified people ever to be nominated for this post. He is a graduate of Columbia, Harvard and Oxford. He is a man of principle. He has an impeccable resume. He is widely respected by everyone. And, Judge Gorsuch's proven track record upholding the Constitution makes him the ideal person to fill the vacancy left by the late, great Antonin Scalia, a truly fabulous justice.
Ten years ago, the Senate unanimously approved Judge Gorsuch's nomination to serve on the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. I urge members of both parties to support Judge Gorsuch and, in so doing, to protect our laws and our freedoms.
This week we also took significant action to roll back the massive regulation that is devastating our economy and crippling American companies and jobs.
That's why I have issued a new executive order to create a permanent structure of regulatory reduction. This order requires that for every 1 new regulation, 2 old regulations must—and I mean must—be eliminated. It’s out of control.
The January employment report shows that the private sector added 237,000 jobs last month. A lot of that has to do with the spirit our country now has. Job growth far surpassed expectations in January, and the labor force participation also grew, so you can be encouraged about the progress of our economy. It’s going to be a whole new ball game.
But there is still much work to do. That I can tell you.
Also this week, on the first day of Black History Month, I was pleased to host African American leaders at the White House. We are determined to deliver more opportunity, jobs and safety for the African-American citizens of our country. America can really never, ever rest until children of every color are fully included in the American Dream—so important. I think, probably, one of my most and maybe my most important goal. It is our mutual duty and obligation to make sure this happens.
At Dover Air Force Base on Wednesday I joined the family of Chief Special Warfare Operator William "Ryan" Owens as our fallen hero was returned home. A great man. Chief Owens gave his life for his country and for our people. Our debt to him and his family, a beautiful family, is eternal.
God has truly blessed this nation to have given us such a brave and selfless patriot as Ryan. We will never forget him. We will never ever forget those who serve. Believe me.
And I will never forget that my responsibility is to keep you—the American people—safe and free.
That's why last week I signed an executive order to help keep terrorists out of our country. The executive order establishes a process to develop new vetting and mechanisms to ensure those coming into America love and support our people. That they have good intentions.
On every single front, we are working to deliver for American workers and American families. You, the law-abiding citizens of this country, are my total priority. Your safety, your jobs and your wages guide our decisions.
We are here to serve you, the great and loyal citizens of the United States of America.
The forgotten men and women will be never be forgotten again. Because from now on, it's going to be America First. That’s how I got elected, that’s why you voted for me, and I will never forget it.
God Bless You, and God Bless America.1:18 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Today we're signing core principles for regulating the United States financial system. It doesn’t get much better than that, right?
THE PRESIDENT: Would you like to --
MS. WAGNER: It's my baby. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: Why don’t you explain this.
MS. WAGNER: What we're doing is we are returning to the American people, low- and middle- income investors, and retirees, their control of their own retirement savings. This is about Main Street, and it's been a labor of love for me for over four years as chairman. And I have had -- this is a big day, a big moment for Americans. (Inaudible.)
THE PRESIDENT: And she means that so much.
(Executive order is signed.)
THE PRESIDENT: Chairman, I think we should hand the pen to this very special person.
PARTICIPANT: Absolutely, Mr. President. She earned it. She earned it.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you.
MS. WAGNER: Thank you. I'm grateful.
Q Mr. President, do you have anything to say about the decision to make the Iran -- should they be expecting more?
THE PRESIDENT: They're not behaving.
END
1:20 P.M. EST10:16 A.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Well, thank you, everybody, for being here this morning. This is a really world-class group and I want to thank and congratulate Steve. You have done, as usual, an amazing job. Steve called me up the day after the election -- it might have even been the same night, Jamie, to be honest with you. You know Steve -- (inaudible) -- in fact, I think maybe one minute. And he said, I'd like to put together a group of world-class leaders and that's what he's done. So good job, Steve.
A couple of things happened this morning -- 227,000 jobs, great spirit in the country right now. So we're very happy about that. I think that it's going to continue big league. We're bringing back jobs, we're bringing down your taxes. We're getting rid of your regulations. And I think it's going to be some really very exciting times ahead. We're going to be doing -- we're doing it, we're going to be coming up with a tax bill soon, a health care bill even sooner. And it's really working out.
Toby from the Cleveland Clinic has been helping us a lot with the veterans, and we appreciate that, Toby. You've been amazing. And I and all of our friends, we really appreciate it.
One of the things that I heard this morning in watching the news was that, amazingly, it's never happened before, that politics has become a much bigger subject than the Super Bowl -- this is usually Super Bowl territory. And I have to say that politics is more interesting to people. So that's good.
I see we have Larry here -- where is Larry Fink? Larry did a great job for me. He managed a lot of my money, and, I have to tell you, he got me great returns last year. (Laughter.) And then they go crazy -- they'll meet very smart people that made money, why don't you let other people to run the economy? I said, no, we have to get the right people. And the people that voted for me understand that, and that's what they want.
So when I campaigned for office, I promised the American people that I'd ask for our country's best and brightest, and we have that. Wilbur is representing us as secretary. I tell you, you're going to be so great -- Secretary of Commerce, Wilbur Ross. In fact, Carl Icahn got called up, and he goes, I hear you got Wilbur. Everybody calls him Wilbur. I've never heard him called -- what, we just know him as Wilbur, right? We've got the great Jack Welch, the legendary Jack Welch. We appreciate him.
We're looking forward in a little while, and we have coming in a few moments, to discuss all of the things that you think we can do to bring back our jobs, to get taxes even lower than what they'll be cutting them. We have a great plan, but I want to have your input on the plan in particular and to do what we have to do in terms of regulation. We have some of the bankers here. There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie, so you’re going to tell me about it. But we expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank, because, frankly, I have so many people, friends of mine that have nice businesses that can’t borrow money, they just can’t get any money because the banks just won’t let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank. So we’ll be talking about that, Jamie, in terms of the banking industry.
And with that, I just want to introduce somebody I’ve known for a long time. He’s done a fantastic job, and we’re thinking of have these meetings -- I think we’ll start maybe on a monthly basis. It will go to a quarterly basis, because all of a sudden monthly basis sounds like a lot.
But we really want your input. We have the biggest, the brightest in the world. They’re in this country, in this case. We also have a manufacturing group which is worldwide, where we have, as you know, great companies representing. But these are the biggest and the best minds in this country, and I really appreciate you being here.
And I want to thank Steve. And Steve is going to say a few words.
MR. SCHWARZMAN: Sure. Well, I’d like to just start out and thank everybody for being here. The purpose of this group isn’t for general discussion, which is okay. But the real purpose is to get things done, to advise the government as to areas where we can do things a lot better as a country, for all Americans, and de-bottleneck some things.
We have a full agenda, unlike a lot of other meetings that happen of this general type. We’re going to cover some of the immigration things. We’re going to cover regulatory, I believe. We’re going to cover tax and trade, women in the workplace, infrastructure and education. And in each of those areas we'll get suggestions, ways to make things happen, happen faster to improve the country.
And anybody can say anything else they want. But it’s really important that we mobilize the non-governmental sector, and also, importantly, that we do it on a bipartisan basis. Apparently, a first in Washington for a (inaudible) Washington. And everybody on the group was selected because they’re terrific, because they have domain expertise, because they want the country to do better. And we had no criteria -- we have all kinds of different people from different backgrounds and different political persuasions. And if we can make things work right, that’s the way the country is supposed to work.
And so it’s a big sacrifice for the people who are here to spend the time. Everybody is busy. That’s America. So to puts those things aside to focus on this, not just for me, but there’s prep work that goes into any successful meeting -- means these people who attended have taken the time to care about their country.
And so that’s the spirit in which we’re approaching things. I want to thank everybody on the committee here. You're terrific.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. We're going to go around the room, but before we do that I just want to say that so many people I call friends of mine in big business, and they wanted to be in the committee. And I call Steve and I say, Steve, can we get so-and-so? No. (Laughter.) I said, what do you mean no? (Laughter.) It’s a big business, massive business -- you know, public companies. And every once in a while I’d call him -- Steve, how about this one? I don’t -- he’s a corporate raider, these people don’t want to be sitting with corporate raiders. (Laughter.) Five raiders that wanted to come. But he’s been very, very selective. And we’ll be putting a couple of more (inaudible). He’s been very selective.
I thought we might go around the room -- Mary and I met last week, we had a fantastic meeting on the auto industry. We had Ford there, we had a lot of companies. We had some great companies -- Fiat-Chrysler, Sergio. And I will tell you, I learned a lot about the automobile business. I thought I knew a lot, but they are being so stymied, so restricted with regulation and so many other reasons, and they’re pouring back into the country already.
If you look at Mark, who was telling us what they’re doing with Ford, and Bill Ford, too. A lot of jobs are going to be coming back into Ohio and Michigan and Pennsylvania, and all of the places that really have been hurt so badly.
So maybe we can start with Mary. We’ll just go around the room real fast so that everybody -- pretty much everybody knows each other, but it would be nice to see.
MS. BARRA: Mary Barra, Chairman and CEO of General Motors.
MR. MCMILLON: Doug McMillon, Walmart.
MR. FINK: Larry Fink, BlackRock.
MR. LESSER: Rich Lesser, Boston Consulting Group.
MR. MCNERNEY: Jim McNerney, the old Boeing guy. (Laughter.)
MR. ATKINS: Paul Atkins, Patomak Global Partners.
MR. WARSH: Kevin Warsh, Stanford University.
MR. MUSK: Elon Musk, Tesla and SpaceX.
MR. COSGROVE: Toby Cosgrove, Cleveland Clinic.
MR. DIMON: Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase.
MR. YERGIN: Dan Yergin, IHS Markit.
MR. WELCH: Jack Welch, retired. (Laughter.)
MR. WEINBERGER: Mark Weinberger -- someday, maybe, I hope –- (laughter) -- but EY.
MR. OGUNLESI: Adebayo Ogunlesi, Global Infrastructure Partners.
MS. ROMETTY: Ginni Rometty, IBM.
MS. NOOYI: Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo.
MS. SCHWARZMAN: Steve Schwarzman from Blackstone.
THE PRESIDENT: Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you, folks. Thank you, press.
END
10:24 A.M. EST1:11 P.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: So it's great to have Harley-Davidson. What a great, great group of people and what a fantastic job you do. And thank you for all of the votes you gave me in Wisconsin. Some people thought that was an upset; I thought we were going to win it. From the beginning, we thought we were going to win it.
Harley-Davidson is a true American icon, one of the greats. Your motorcycles have carried American servicemembers in the war -- in the wars. They take care of our police officers. And I see it so often -- whenever I go -- whenever there's a motorcycle group, oftentimes it's a Harley. And the sound of that Harley is a little different, I have to tell you. It's really good.
So thank you, Harley-Davidson, for building things in America. And I think you're going to even expand -- I know your business is now doing very well and there's a lot of spirit right now in the country that you weren't having so much in the last number of months that you have right now. You see what's happening.
I'm especially honored to welcome the steelworkers and the machinists to the White House.
Who is a steelworker here? Well, you're all steelworkers, essentially, right?
But you folks have been terrific to me. Sometimes your top people didn't support me but the steelworkers supported me, right? A lot of your top people are going to be losing their jobs pretty soon I guess but they're all coming around -- we're getting them. But the workers supported us big league. We want to make it easier for businesses to create more jobs and more factories in the United States, and you're a great example of it. That means we have to make America the best country on Earth to do business, and that's what we're in the process of doing -- we're redoing NAFTA, redoing a lot of our trade deals, and we're negotiating properly with countries -- even countries that are allies -- a lot of people taking advantage of us, a lot of countries taking advantage of us, really terribly taking advantage of us.
We had one instance in Australia -- I have a lot of respect for Australia, I love Australia as a country -- but we had a problem where, for whatever reason, President Obama said that they were going to take probably well over a thousand illegal immigrants who were in prisons and they were going to bring them and take them into this country. And I just said why? I just wanted to ask a question -- I could ask that question of you -- why? One thousand-two-hundred-fifty -- it could be 2,000, it could be more than that, and I said, why? Why are we doing this? What's the purpose? So we'll see what happens. But a previous administration does something, you have to respect that, but you can also say, why are we doing this? That's why we're in the jams that we're in.
And you guys especially, the steelworkers, understand what I'm saying, right? So I just -- we have some wonderful allies and we're going to keep it that way, but we have to be treated fairly also. We have to be treated fairly. In this administration, our allegiance will be to the American workers and to American businesses, like Harley-Davidson, that were very strong in the 1980s and I remember this -- you were victims of trading abuse -- big trading abuse, where they were dumping all sorts of competitors all over the place. And Ronald Reagan stepped in and he put on large tariffs and you wouldn't be talking about Harley-Davidson probably right now if he didn't do that.
But we're going to help you, too, and we're going to make it really great for business -- not just you, but for everybody. We're going to be competitive with anybody in the world. We're going to be doing taxing policies very soon it's going to be coming out. And I know health care is a big problem for every country -- every company as you know has suffered from Obamacare because of the tremendous cost and that's one of the things that we're working on hardest -- that and tax policy, and tariffs and trade.
So I think you will be very happy. It's an honor to have you at lunch. I really appreciate your support. You've given me tremendous support, your workers in particular have given tremendous support. I want to thank the people of Wisconsin in particular. It's been amazing what happened up there. It was a big shocker that evening when they showed -- wow -- I'll never forget, wow, Wisconsin just went for Trump. Then all of these people, especially that guy right there -- (laughter) -- not but then they said, what's going on? Wisconsin just went for Trump. And then Michigan went for Trump and Pennsylvania. So they were great.
You're just great people. These are amazing people and they get it. So, again, to all of you at the table today, thank you very much. We appreciate it. We really appreciate it greatly.
Q Mr. President, is military action off the table in Iran?
THE PRESIDENT: Nothing is off the table.
Q Mr. President, the Russians are thanking you for easing sanctions.
THE PRESIDENT: I haven't eased anything.
Q That's what they said.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I haven't eased anything.
END
1:16 P.M. EST9:11 A.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Mark. So nice. (Applause.) Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. It’s a great honor to be here this morning. And so many faith leaders -- very, very important people to me -- from across our magnificent nation, and so many leaders from all across the globe.
Today we continue a tradition begun by President Eisenhower some 64 years ago. This gathering is a testament to the power of faith, and is one of the great customs of our nation, and I hope to be here seven more times with you. (Laughter and applause.)
I want very much to thank our co-chairs, Senator Bowzman and Senator Coons, and all of the congressional leadership -- they’re all over the place. We have a lot of very distinguished guests.
And we have one guest who was just sworn in last night -- Rex Tillerson, Secretary of State. (Applause.) Going to do a great job. Some people didn’t like Rex because he actually got along with leaders of the world. I said, no, you have to understand, that’s a good thing. (Laughter.) That’s a good thing, not a bad thing. He’s respected all over the world, and I think he’s going to go down as one of our great, great secretaries. We appreciate it. Thank you, thank you, Rex. (Applause.)
Thank you as well to Senate Chaplain Barry Black for his moving words. And I don't know, Chaplain, whether or not that’s an appointed position. Is that an appointed position? I don’t even know if you’re a Democrat or if you’re a Republican, but I’m appointing you for another year -- the hell with it. (Laughter and applause.) And I think it’s not even my appointment, it’s the Senate’s appointment, but we’ll talk to them. Your son is here. Your job is very, very secure, okay? (Laughter.) Thank you, Barry. Appreciate it very much.
I also want to thank my great friends, though, Roma. Where’s Roma? Beautiful Roma Downey. The voice of an angel. She’s got the voice -- every time I hear it, that voice is so beautiful. Everything is so beautiful about Roma, including her husband because he’s a special, special friend, Mark Burnett -- for the wonderful introduction. So true. So true. I said to the agent, I’m sorry. The only thing more -- I actually got on the phone and fired him myself because he said, you don’t want to do it, it’ll never work, it’ll never, ever work. You don’t want to do it. I said, listen -- but I really fired him after it became the number-one show. It became so successful, and he wanted a commission, and he didn’t want to do it. That’s what I really said. (Laughter.)
But we had tremendous success on "The Apprentice." And when I ran for President, I had to leave the show. That’s when I knew for sure I was doing it. And they hired a big, big movie star -- Arnold Schwarzenegger -– to take my place. And we know how that turned out. (Laughter.) The ratings went right down the tubes. It’s been a total disaster. And Mark will never, ever bet against Trump again. And I want to just pray for Arnold, if we can, for those ratings, okay? (Laughter.)
But we’ve had an amazing life together, the last 14, 15 years. And an outstanding man, and thank you very much for introducing me. Appreciate it. It’s a great honor. (Applause.)
I also want to thank my dear friend, Vice President Mike Pence, who has been incredible. (Applause.) And incredible wife, Karen. And every time I was in a little trouble with something, where they were questioning me, they’d say, but he picked Mike Pence -- (laughter) -- so he has to know what he’s doing. And it’s true, he’s been -- you know, on the scale of 0 to 10, I rate him a 12, okay? So I want to thank you. Thank you very much. Apprentice it. (Applause.)
But most importantly today, I want to thank the American people. Your faith and prayers have sustained me and inspired me through some very, very tough times. All around America, I have met amazing people whose words of worship and encouragement have been a constant source of strength. What I hear most often as I travel the country are five words that never, ever fail to touch my heart. That’s: “I am praying for you.” I hear it so often -- “I am praying for you, Mr. President.” (Applause.)
No one has inspired me more in my travels than the families of the United States military, men and women who have put their lives on the line every day for their country and their countrymen. I just came back yesterday from Dover Air Force Base to join the family of Chief William “Ryan” Owens, as America’s fallen hero was returned home. Very, very sad, but very, very beautiful. Very, very beautiful. His family was there. Incredible family, loved him so much. So devastated -- he was so devastated. But the ceremony was amazing. He died in defense of our nation. He gave his life in defense of our people. Our debt to him and our debt to his family is eternal and everlasting.
“Greater love hath no man than this: that a man lay down his life for his friends.” We will never forget the men and women who wear the uniform, believe me. (Applause.) Thank you. From generation to generation, their vigilance has kept our liberty alive. Our freedom is won by their sacrifice, and our security has been earned with their sweat and blood and tears. God has blessed this land to give us such incredible heroes and patriots. They are very, very special, and we are going to take care of them. (Applause.)
Our soldiers understand that what matters is not party or ideology or creed, but the bonds of loyalty that link us all together as one. America is a nation of believers. In towns all across our land, it’s plain to see what we easily forget -- so easily we forget this -- that the quality of our lives is not defined by our material success, but by our spiritual success. I will tell you that. And I tell you that from somebody that has had material success and knows tremendous numbers of people with great material success -- the most material success. Many of those people are very, very miserable, unhappy people. And I know a lot of people without that, but they have great families, they have great faith. They don’t have money -- at least not nearly to the extent -- and they’re happy. Those to me are the successful people, I have to tell you. (Applause.)
I was blessed to be raised in a churched home. My mother and father taught me that to whom much is given much is expected. I was sworn in on the very bible from which my mother would teach us as young children. And that faith lives on in my heart every single day.
The people in this room come from many, many backgrounds. You represent so many religions and so many views. But we are all united by our faith in our Creator and our firm knowledge that we are all equal in His eyes. We are not just flesh and bone and blood. We are human beings, with souls. Our Republic was formed on the basis that freedom is not a gift from government, but that freedom is a gift from God. (Applause.)
It was the great Thomas Jefferson who said, “The God who gave us life, gave us liberty.” Jefferson asked, “Can the liberties of a nation be secure when we have removed a conviction that these liberties are the gift of God?”
Among those freedoms is the right to worship according to our own beliefs. That is why I will get rid of, and totally destroy, the Johnson Amendment and allow our representatives of faith to speak freely and without fear of retribution. I will do that -- remember. (Applause.)
Freedom of religion is a sacred right, but it is also a right under threat all around us, and the world is under serious, serious threat in so many different ways. And I've never seen it so much and so openly as since I took the position of President. The world is in trouble, but we're going to straighten it out. Okay? That's what I do. I fix things. We're going to straighten it out. (Applause.) Believe me. When you hear about the tough phone calls I'm having, don’t worry about it. Just don’t worry about it. (Laughter.) They're tough. We have to be tough. It's time we're going to be a little tough, folks. We're taken advantage of by every nation in the world, virtually. It's not going to happen anymore. It's not going to happen anymore.
We have seen unimaginable violence carried out in the name of religion. Acts of wanton slaughter against religious minorities. Horrors on a scale that defy description. Terrorism is a fundamental threat to religious freedom. It must be stopped, and it will be stopped. It may not be pretty for a little while. It will be stopped. (Applause.)
We have seen -- and, by the way, General, as you know, James "Mad Dog" -- I shouldn’t say it in this room -- Mattis. Now, there's a reason they call him "Mad Dog Mattis" -- he never lost a battle. Always wins them and always wins them fast. He's our new Secretary of Defense who will be working with Rex. He's right now in South Korea, going to Japan, going to some other spots. And I'll tell you what, I've gotten to know him really well. He's the real deal. We have somebody who's the real deal working for us, and that's what we need. So, you watch. You just watch. (Applause.) Things will be different.
We have seen peace-loving Muslims brutalized, victimized, murdered and oppressed by ISIS killers. We have seen threats of extermination against the Jewish people. We have seen a campaign of ISIS and genocide against Christians, where they cut off heads. Not since the Middle Ages have we seen that. We haven’t seen that, the cutting off of heads. Now they cut off their heads, they drown people in steel cages. Haven’t seen this -- I haven’t seen this. Nobody has seen this for many, many years.
All nations have a moral obligation to speak out against such violence. All nations have a duty to work together to confront it and to confront it viciously, if we have to. So I want to express clearly today to the American people that my administration will do everything in its power to defend and protect religious liberty in our land. America must forever remain a tolerant society where all faiths are respected, and where all of our citizens can feel safe and secure. We have to feel safe and secure.
In recent days, we have begun to take necessary action to achieve that goal. Our nation has the most generous immigration system in the world. But these are those and there are those that would exploit that generosity to undermine the values that we hold so dear. We need security. There are those who would seek to enter our country for the purpose of spreading violence or oppressing other people based upon their faith or their lifestyle. Not right. We will not allow a beachhead of intolerance to spread in our nation. You look all over the world and you see what's happening.
So in the coming days, we will develop a system to help ensure that those admitted into our country fully embrace our values of religious and personal liberty, and that they reject any form of oppression and discrimination. We want people to come into our nation, but we want people to love us and to love our values -- not to hate us and to hate our values. We will be a safe country. We will be a free country. And we will be a country where all citizens can practice their beliefs without fear of hostility or fear of violence. America will flourish as long as our liberty and, in particular, our religious liberty is allowed to flourish. (Applause.)
America will succeed as long as our most vulnerable citizens -- and we have some that are so vulnerable -- have a path to success. And America will thrive as long as we continue to have faith in each other and faith in God. (Applause.)
That faith in God has inspired men and women to sacrifice for the needy, to deploy to wars overseas, and to lock arms at home, to ensure equal rights for every man, woman and child in our land. It's that faith that sent the pilgrims across the oceans, the pioneers across the plains, and the young people all across America to chase their dreams. They are chasing their dreams. We are going to bring those dreams back. As long as we have God, we are never, ever alone. Whether it's the soldier on the night watch or the single parent on the night shift, God will always give us solace and strength and comfort.
We need to carry on and to keep carrying on. For us here in Washington, we must never, ever stop asking God for the wisdom to serve the public according to his will. That's why -- (applause) -- thank you. That's why President Eisenhower and Senator Carlson had the wisdom to gather together 64 years ago to begin this truly great tradition. But that's not all they did together. Let me tell you the rest of the story. Just one year later, Senator Carlson was among the members of Congress to send to the President's desk a joint resolution that added "under God" to our Pledge of Allegiance. That's a great thing. (Applause.) Because that's what we are and that is what we will always be, and that is what our people want: one beautiful nation, under God.
Thank you. God bless you. And God bless America. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. (Applause.)
END
9:30 A.M. EST7:12 P.M. EST
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Welcome to the White House. Ladies and gentlemen, the President of the United States.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, Mike. Just returned from an amazing visit with a great, great family at Dover, and it was something -- very sad, very beautiful. Ryan, a great man.
Secretary Tillerson, I first want to congratulate you, Renda, and your entire family on this incredible honor -- and it is that, an incredible honor. You bring the unique skills and deep, deep insights -- and I’ve gotten to see it firsthand -- into foreign diplomacy our nation needs to foster stability and security in a world too often trapped -- and right now it’s trapped -- in violence and in war.
You understand that the job of our diplomats and the mission of the State Department is to serve the interests of the United States of America to make our nation safer, our country more prosperous, and our people much more secure. In that mission, you also understand the importance of strengthening our alliances and forming new alliances to enhance our strategic interests and the safety of our people.
Your whole life has prepared you for this moment, and you really have had a tremendous life -- heading up one of the great companies of the world and doing it magnificently, absolutely magnificently. And I can say this is a man that’s respected all over the world, before he even begins.
But as Renda said, now he’s beginning his big, big, and most important journey. This is where you were meant to be, right here, today, at this crossroads in history. It’s time to bring a clear-eyed focus to foreign affairs, to take a fresh look at the world around us, and to seek new solutions grounded in very ancient truths. These truths include the fact that nations have a right to protect to their interests, that all people have a right to freely pursue their own destiny, and that all of us are better off when we act in concert and not in conflict. And there’s rarely been conflict like we have in the world today -- very sad.
I am excited for you. I am excited for your family. And perhaps most importantly, I am excited for our great country. Though you inherit enormous challenges in the Middle East and around the world, I do believe we can achieve peace and stability in these very, very troubled times.
May God bless you in this journey. And may God bless our very, very special and great country. Thank you very much.
Mike, you can do the honors. Thank you.
(The Secretary is sworn in.)
SECRETARY TILLERSON: Well, first, I want to express my profound thanks to President Trump for giving me this extraordinary opportunity to serve my country. I also want to thank Vice President Pence for giving me the honor of swearing me into this office today.
I have a few folks in the room that are with me that have helped me over the last month to get to this point of confirmation. They represent a much larger cadre of people who have worked enormously long hours, tirelessly, helping me and guiding me through the confirmation process. And to them, I will always be eternally grateful for the sacrifice they’ve made of their time and effort these past weeks.
I’ve also received over the last month so many messages, letters, phone calls of best wishes, encouragement, prayers from family, friends and colleagues who know me well. But I’ve also received an enormous outpouring of wonderful messages from people all over the country whom I do not know -- words of encouragement and their prayers. And it’s their messages that are going to really stand in steadfast reminder to me as I enter the responsibilities of Secretary of State, that as I serve this President, I serve their interest and will always represent the interest of all of the American people at all times.
And again, Mr. President, thank you for this extraordinary opportunity. (Applause.)
THE PRESIDENT: He left a very good job for this, I want to tell you. (Laughter and applause.)
END
7:19 P.M. EST11:44 A.M. EST
THE PRESIDENT: One person that likes me at this table, I can tell you that. (Laughter.)
MR. COLLAMORE: More than one.
THE PRESIDENT: I have a lot of them. I have a lot. You've been great friends and supporters and appreciated for, number one, the election. And I appreciate all of the help in deciding who to pick for the United States Supreme Court. And, Leonard, you were fantastic. All of you were. And Jim DeMint -- I don't know if Jim is here or not but they were great, Heritage. You really did. You really helped. And the rollout has been fantastic. I don't know how anybody can oppose him, frankly. I don't know how anybody can oppose him at all, but it really has been a beautiful thing to see.
So we had a very successful event. He's a terrific person, by the way. I got to know him reasonably well before we did the announcement, and he is just a spectacular man. I think he will be a spectacular -- you know, you tell me, how would they go about -- Leonard, how would they go about opposing him? He's perfect in almost every way. But they'll look for the "almost," right? They'll say, what's the "almost?"
MR. LEO: He's got an impeccable record.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, Federalist really -- they really did a great job. So we're going to be talking about working with the judge and maybe making this a fast process. And nominating a justice of the Supreme Court is one of the most important things that I can do as President.
I've always said this -- as I watched Presidents -- I'd say the most important thing. And I think I want to refine that a little bit. I think probably defense of our country might be now -- you know, it's -- otherwise we don't need the Supreme Court so badly, right? We're doing well in that regard, very well. I think we have problems that are a lot bigger than people understood. I think I was left something isn't -- had a lot of problems, but I think we'll straighten out those problems. I think we'll straight them out very strongly.
Judge Gorsuch is an exceptionally qualified person from the standpoint of experience and education. Columbia with honors, Harvard Law School with honors, Oxford at the highest level. Great, great student, great intellect. Supreme Court Justices White and Kennedy he clerked. And so I just think it's really great that we're having this meeting, because we want to have him go through an elegant process as opposed to a demeaning process. Because they're very demeaning on the other side and they want to make you look as bad as possible. And, of course, the press can be very demeaning too, but I'm sure the press will be very dignified in this case.
But I really want -- that's the word -- I really think he's a very dignified man. I'd like to see him go through a dignified process. I think he deserves that. And hopefully it will go quickly and we'll see what happens.
So what we might do is -- just before they leave -- we might ask for the folks in the room just to give yourself a quick -- your name and a little introduction. And, Wayne, I would say they know you. Perhaps they know you better than they know me. (Laughter.)
MR. LAPIERRE: I doubt that. Wayne LaPierre, National Rifle Association.
MS. NANCE: I'm Penny Nance. I'm the CEO and president of Concerned Women for America.
MS. YOEST: I'm Charmaine Yoest. I'm with American Values and thank you, Mr. President, for this nomination.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much.
MS. DUGGAN: I'm Juanita Duggan with the National Independent Business Association, NFIB. Thank you.
MR. COLLAMORE: Tom Collamore with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Mr. President, congratulations on the fantastic nomination.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thank you.
MR. NORQUIST: Grover Norquist, Americans for Tax Reform. And thank you for winning the election.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you.
MR. LEO: Leonard Leo, the Federalist Society.
MS. DANNENFELSER: Margorie Dannenfelser, the Susan B. Anthony List.
MR. BLACKWELL: Morton Blackwell, the Leadership Institute.
MR. O'STEEN: David O'Steen, National Right to Life. Thank you for such a quick, expert nomination.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thank you very much.
MS. WHITE: Paula White, Chairman of the Evangelical Advisory Council.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Paula. Thank you for the help during the campaign.
So, with that, I'll ask you to all hit the road. (Laughter.)
Q Mr. President, as you pointed out last night, the judge was confirmed on a unanimous voice. Well, he's -- can I ask a question, Mr. President? You all right? Thank you. As you pointed out last night, Judge Gorsuch was confirmed on a unanimous voice vote in 2006. Now, a number of Democrats say they are going to oppose him. What would you say to those Democrats? And would you encourage Senator McConnell to invoke the nuclear option if he feels he can't get 60 votes?
THE PRESIDENT: I think there's a certain dishonesty if they go against their vote from not very long ago. And he did get a unanimous endorsement, and he's somebody that should get it. I mean, you can't do better from an educational, from an experience, from any standpoint. A great judge; he'll be a great justice.
So, no, I feel that it's very dishonest if they go about doing that. And, yes, if we end up with the same gridlock that they've had in Washington for the last -- longer than eight years, in all fairness to President Obama, a lot longer than eight years -- but if we end up with that gridlock, I would say, if you can, Mitch, go nuclear. Because that would be a absolute shame if a man of this quality was caught up in the web. So I would say it's up to Mitch, but I would say go for it.
END
11:50 A.M. ESTTHE PRESIDENT: Hello, everybody. These are a lot of my friends, but you have been so helpful. And we did well. The election, it came out really well. Next time we’ll triple it up or quadruple it, right? We want to get over 51, right? At least 51.
Well, this is Black History Month, so this is our little breakfast, our little get-together. Hi, Lynne, how are you?
MS. PATTON: Hi, how are you?
THE PRESIDENT: Nice to see you. And just a few notes. During this month, we honor the tremendous history of the African Americans throughout our country -- throughout the world, if you really think about it, right? And their story is one of unimaginable sacrifice, hard work and faith in America.
I’ve gotten a real glimpse -- during the campaign, I’d go around with Ben to a lot of different places that I wasn’t so familiar with. They’re incredible people. And I want to thank Ben Carson, who’s going to be heading up HUD. It’s a big job, and it’s a job that’s not only housing, it’s mind and spirit, right, Ben? And you understand that. Nobody is going to be better than Ben.
Last month, we celebrated the life of the Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr., whose incredible example is unique in American history. You read all about Dr. Martin Luther King a week ago when somebody said I took the statue out of my office, and it turned out that that was fake news. (Laughter.) It was fake news. The statue is cherished. It’s one of the favorite things in the -- and we have some good ones. We have Lincoln and we have Jefferson and we have Dr. Martin Luther King, and we have -- but they said the statue, the bust of Dr. Martin Luther King was taken out of the office. And it was never even touched. So I think it was a disgrace, but that’s the way the press is. Very unfortunate.
I am very proud now that we have a museum on the National Mall where people can learn about Reverend King, so many other things. Frederick Douglass is an example of somebody who’s done an amazing job and is being recognized more and more, I notice -- Harriet Tubman, Rosa Parks, and millions more black Americans who made America what it is today. Big impact.
I am proud to honor this heritage, and we’ll be honoring it more and more. The folks at the table in almost all cases have been great friends and supporters. And Darrell -- I met Darrell when he was defending me on television. (Laughter.) And the people that were on the other side of the argument didn’t have a chance, right? And Paris has done an amazing job in a very hostile CNN community. (Laughter.) He’s all by himself -- seven people and Paris. So I’ll take Paris over the seven. (Laughter.) But I don’t watch CNN so I don’t get to see you as much as I want to. (Laughter.) I don’t like watching fake news.
PARTICIPANT: None of us watch it either anymore.
THE PRESIDENT: But Fox has treated me very nice -- wherever Fox is, thank you.
We’re going to need better schools, and we need them soon. We need more jobs, we need better wages -- a lot better wages. We’re going to work very hard on the inner city. Ben is going to be doing that big league. It’s one of his big things that we’re going to be looking at.
We need safer communities, and we’re going to do that with law enforcement. We’re going to make it safe. We’re going to make it much better than it is right now. Right now it’s terrible, and I saw you talking about it the other night, Paris, on something else that was really -- you did a fantastic job the other night on a very unrelated show. I’m ready to do my part -- it’s the only time I can see him. I’m ready to do my part, and I will say this: We’re going to work together.
This is a great group. This is a group that’s been so special to me. You really helped me a lot. If you remember, I wasn’t going to do well with the African American community, and after they heard me speaking and talking about the inner city and lots of other things, we ended up getting -- I won’t go into details, but we ended up getting substantially more than other candidates who had run in the past years. And now, we’re going to take that to new levels.
I want to thank my television star over here. (Laughter.) Omarosa is actually a very nice person. Nobody knows that, but -- (laughter) -- I don’t want to destroy her reputation. She is a very good person and she’s been helpful right from the beginning of the campaign. And I appreciate it. I really do. Very special.
And so I want to thank everybody for being here. Could we maybe just go around the room and we’ll introduce ourselves. And the press can stay for that, and I’m sure they have no questions about last night because it was such a good launch. We have a fantastic, hopefully, new justice of the Supreme Court. And hopefully, that will be -- he’ll be approved very, very quickly. He’s outstanding in every way -- academically. He’s done almost as well as you did, Darrell, in college. (Laughter.) Not quite, right? But he’s a great man and I think he’ll be a great, great justice. And he’s being very well-received. It was a big evening. Very big evening.
So, Paris, why don’t we start with you? Go ahead.
MR. DENNARD: Pleasure to be here, Mr. President. Honor to be here. Paris Dennard. Thurgood Marshall College Fund represents the 47 publically supported historically black colleges and universities, which I know you are very much in support of. So it’s a pleasure to be here, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I’m glad you’re in support of me because I’d be all -- I’d be in the wilderness without you guys. You are so effective. I appreciate it.
MR. DENNARD: Thank you.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you.
MR. CLEVELAND: Bill Cleveland. I'm a retired Capitol police officer, former vice mayor of the city of Alexandria, and substitute teacher in the Alexandria school system. Glad to be here.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thank you.
MR. MATTHEWS: Bill is also a Vietnam veteran, sir.
THE PRESIDENT: Oh, good.
MR. MATTHEWS: I’m Earl Matthews, sir. I work for you at the Department of Defense. I was sworn in an hour after you were. Also a veteran and a longtime supporter of yours. I've worked for you since late summer. I'm happy to be here.
THE PRESIDENT: Lieutenant Colonel -- good job.
MS. SCOTT: I'm Belinda Scott, Darrell's wife. New Spirit Revival Center from Cleveland, Ohio. Pastor of New Spirit. Great amount of support in the African American community where we are. We love the Lord, we love our new President, and we are praying for our President on a regular basis.
THE PRESIDENT: You know, the one thing I didn't understand about Belinda -- I thought they were married maybe five or six years, because look how they look so young. (Laughter.) Should you say how many years you've been married?
MS. SCOTT: Thirty-five.
PASTOR SCOTT: We've been together for 38.
MS. SCOTT: Been together for -- but in the Lord --(laughter) -- 35, yes.
PASTOR SCOTT: Two years under -- (inaudible.) (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: That's actually amazing. I wouldn't have known.
MS. SCOTT: But can I say this -- I am so grateful that our President gives us that ear to listen to the community -- to listen. And people like us are just here to constantly put that message out into the community. And we love you for that. We love you for listening and we thank you for that.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thank you very much.
PASTOR SCOTT: Darrell Scott, pastor at New Spirit Revival Center and black Trump supporter. (Laughter and applause.) But speaking of the community, let me just say this real quick. Omarosa, I told you I'm going to try to throw it in. I was recently contacted by some of the top gang thugs initiative Chicago for a sit-down. They reached out to me because they associated me with you. They respect you, they believe in what you're doing, and they want to have a sit-down about lowering that body count. So in a couple of weeks, I'm going into Chicago.
THE PRESIDENT: That's a great idea because Chicago is totally out of control.
PASTOR SCOTT: Well, I let him know -- I said, we've got to lower that body count. We don't want to talk about anything else -- get that body count down. And they agreed. But the principle is they can do it. These are guys straight from the streets -- no politicians -- straight street guys. But they're going to commit that if they lower that body count, we'll come in and we'll do some social programs. So they're in agreement.
THE PRESIDENT: If they're not going to solve the problem -- and what you're doing is the right thing -- then we're going to solve the problem for them because we're going to have to do something about Chicago. Because what's happening in Chicago should not be happening in this country.
PASTOR SCOTT: But they want to work with this administration.
THE PRESIDENT: Good.
PASTOR SCOTT: They want to. They reached out -- I didn't reach out to them. They reached out to me.
THE PRESIDENT: I understand.
PASTOR SCOTT: They want to work with this administration. They believe in this administration. They didn't believe in the prior administration. They told me this out of their mouth. But they see hope with you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I love it.
MR. WILLIAMS: Mr. President, I'm a member of what we call the media, but we try to be fair and objective. (Laughter.) Not all media seems to be the opposition party. There are those that see the good that you're doing. We report it. I'm just honored to have a seat at the table today.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. And it is -- I mean, a lot of the media is actually the opposition party. They're so biased and really is a disgrace. Some of you are fantastic and fair, but so much of the media is opposition party and knowingly saying incorrect things. So it's a very sad situation. But we seem to be doing well. It's almost like, in the meantime, we won. So maybe they don't have the influence they think, but they really are -- they really have to straighten out their act. They're very dishonest people.
James.
PASTOR DAVIS: Pastor James Davis. We've been -- Mr. President, we've been a supporter of yours from the beginning alongside Mr. Michael Cohen and Dr. Darrell Scott with the National Diversity Coalition. It helped to bring out a huge number in the black community with respect to the vote. And we're still happy to be in support as we go forward.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. You've been great. Thank you, James.
And, Lynne.
MS. PATTON: Hi, Mr. President. Yes, I am, as you know, the former vice president of the wonderful charity that your son founded -- Trump Foundation. I've been with your family for about eight years now, right, Jared? And I was an RNC speaker and I will be landing with Dr. Carson at HUD as one of his senior advisors --
THE PRESIDENT: Oh, that's great. You've got a good person.
MS. PATTON: -- and Director of the Office of Public Liaison.
THE PRESIDENT: That's great. You did a fantastic job.
MS. PATTON: Thank you.
MR. ROBINSON: Mr. President, my name is Gerard Robinson. I'm a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, and I was proud to be the leader of the education policy team for the Trump transition.
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you.
MR. BELL: Mr. President, good to be with you. I'm Ashley Bell, Gainesville. Chairman Priebus called me out (inaudible) African American outreach for your campaign. I'm glad you support Omarosa, glad to be here, and I'll be wanting to help you out at the State Department.
THE PRESIDENT: Fantastic. Thank you. Thank you very much.
MS. MANIGAULT: Tucker was a star at the inauguration.
MR. DAVIS: I'm Tucker Davis. I ran your campaign in West Virginia, working for you in the --
THE PRESIDENT: We did well in West Virginia. (Laughter.)
MR. DAVIS: Coal miners love you.
THE PRESIDENT: And we love the coal miners. We're going to put them back to work.
MR. DAVIS: Absolutely.
MS. LEVELL: Leah LeVell. I was at the RNC and also at PIC. And I helped launch the video series every week -- the midweek message that reached out to millennials and college students and helped launch the college Republican chapter at Howard University.
MS. MANIGAULT: That's Chris LeVell's daughter. We snagged her. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: Oh, really? Great job.
MS. ALEXANDER: Mr. President, Monica Alexander, executive administrative assistant in the office of public liaison, supporting Omarosa.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Okay, well, that's nice.
MR. SMITH: Mr. President, Ja'Ron Smith. I'm with the Domestic Policy Council, Andy Bremberg's team, and I'll be focusing on urban affairs and revitalization.
THE PRESIDENT: Fantastic.
MS. MANIGAULT: And Howard graduate. (Laughter.)
THE PRESIDENT: Howard graduate. That's good stuff. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.
END
10:04 A.M. ESTYour browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available.
Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
My fellow Americans,
One week ago, our administration assumed the enormous responsibilities that you, the American People, have placed in us.
There is much work to do in the days ahead, but I wanted to give you an update on what we have accomplished already.
In my first few days as your President, I’ve met with the leaders of some of our nation’s top manufacturing companies and labor unions.
My message was clear: we want to make things in America, and we want to use American workers.
Since my election, many companies have announced they are no longer moving jobs out of our country but are instead keeping and creating jobs right here in America.
Every day, we are fulfilling the promise we made to the American People. Here are just a few of the executive actions that I have taken in the last few days –
--An order to prepare for repealing and replacing Obamacare, it’s about time.
--The withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership so that we can negotiate one-on-one deals that protect American workers. That would have been a disastrous deal for our workers.
--An order to begin construction of the Keystone and Dakota Access pipelines, following a renegotiation of terms, with a requirement that pipelines installed in America be built with American steel and manufactured here.
--A directive to expedite permits for new infrastructure and new manufacturing plants.
--An order to immediately begin the border wall and to crack down on sanctuary cities. They are not safe, we have to take care of that horrible situation.
This administration has hit the ground running at a record pace, everybody is talking about it. We are doing it with speed and we are doing it with intelligence and we will never, ever stop fighting on behalf of the American People.
God bless you, and God Bless America.President Donald J. Trump: “Thank you very much. I am honored to have Prime Minister Theresa May here for our first official visit from a foreign leader. This is our first visit, so -- great honor.
The special relationship between our two countries has been one of the great forces in history for justice and for peace. And, by the way, my mother was born in Scotland -- Stornoway -- which is serious Scotland.
Today, the United States renews our deep bond with Britain -- military, financial, cultural, and political. We have one of the great bonds. We pledge our lasting support to this most special relationship. Together, America and the United Kingdom are a beacon for prosperity and the rule of law. That is why the United States respects the sovereignty of the British people and their right of self-determination. A free and independent Britain is a blessing to the world, and our relationship has never been stronger.
Both America and Britain understand that governments must be responsive to everyday working people, that governments must represent their own citizens.
Madam Prime Minister, we look forward to working closely with you as we strengthen our mutual ties in commerce, business and foreign affairs. Great days lie ahead for our two peoples and our two countries.
On behalf of our nation, I thank you for joining us here today. It’s a really great honor. Thank you very much.”
Prime Minister Theresa May: “Well, thank you very much, Mr. President. And can I start by saying that I’m so pleased that I’ve been able to be here today. And thank you for inviting me so soon after your inauguration. And I’m delighted to be able to congratulate you on what was a stunning election victory.
And, as you say, the invitation is an indication of the strength and importance of the special relationship that exists between our two countries -- a relationship based on the bonds of history, of family, kinship and common interest. And in a further sign of the importance of that relationship, I have today been able to convey Her Majesty The Queen’s hope that President Trump and the First Lady would pay a state visit to the United Kingdom later this year. And I’m delighted that the President has accepted that invitation.
Now, today, we're discussing a number of topics, and there’s much on which we agree. The President has mentioned foreign policy. We're discussing how we can work even more closely together in order to take on and defeat Daesh and the ideology of Islamist extremism wherever it’s found.
Our two nations are already leading efforts to face up to this challenge, and we’re making progress with Daesh losing territory and fighters, but we need to redouble our efforts. And today, we are discussing how we can do this by deepening intelligence and security cooperation and, critically, by stepping up our efforts to counter Daesh in cyberspace. Because we know we will not eradicate this threat until we defeat the idea -- the ideology that lies behind it.
Our talks will be continuing later. I’m sure we’ll discuss other topics -- Syria and Russia.
On defense and security cooperation, we are united in our recognition of NATO as the bulwark of our collective defense. And today, we’ve reaffirmed our unshakeable commitment to this alliance. Mr. President, I think you said -- you confirmed that you’re 100 percent behind NATO. But we’re also discussing the importance of NATO continuing to ensure it is as equipped to fight terrorism and cyber warfare as it is to fight more conventional forms of war.
And I’ve agreed to continue my efforts to encourage my fellow European leaders to deliver on their commitments to spend 2 percent of their GDP on defense so that the burden is more fairly shared. It’s only by investing properly in our defense that we can ensure we’re properly equipped to face our shared challenges together.
And finally, the President and I have mentioned future economic cooperation and trade. Trade between our two countries is already worth over $150 billion pounds a year. The U.S. is the single-biggest source of inward investment to the UK, and together we’ve around $1 trillion invested in each other’s economies. And the UK-U.S. defense relationship is the broadest, deepest, and most advanced of any two countries sharing military hardware and expertise. And I think the President and I are ambitious to build on this relationship in order to grow our respective economies, provide the high-skilled, high-paid jobs of the future for working people across America and across the UK.
And so we are discussing how we can establish a trade negotiation agreement, take forward immediate, high-level talks, lay the groundwork for a UK-U.S. trade agreement, and identify the practical steps we can take now in order to enable companies in both countries to trade and do business with one another more easily.
And I’m convinced that a trade deal between the U.S. and the UK is in the national interest of both countries and will cement the crucial relationship that exists between us, particularly as the UK leaves the European Union and reaches out to the world.
Today’s talks I think are a significant moment for President Trump and I to build our relationship. And I look forward to continuing to work with you as we deliver on the promises of freedom and prosperity for all the people of our respective countries.”3:21 P.M. EST
VICE PRESIDENT PENCE: Thank you to the Acting Director Meroe Park. Thank you for 27 years serving the United States of America here at CIA. (Applause.)
It's a great privilege for me to be with you today and to have the opportunity to introduce at his first event, on his first full day, the new President of the United States, Donald Trump. (Applause.)
As you can imagine, it's deeply humbling for my family and I to find ourselves in this role. I'm grateful to our new President for the opportunity he's given me and the opportunity the American people have given us to serve. But it's especially humbling for me to be before all of you today -- men and women of character, who have sacrificed greatly -- and to stand before this hallowed wall, this memorial wall, where we remember 117 who paid the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom.
I can assure you this new President and our entire team recognizes and appreciates the sacrifices of all of the men and women of the intelligence community of the United States of America. (Applause.)
I've gotten to know our new President. We traveled a lot together. When the cameras are off and the -- lights are off, I'll tell you two things I know for sure. Number one, I've never met anyone more dedicated to the safety and security of the people of the United States of America, or anyone who is a greater strategic thinker about how we accomplish that for this nation. In fact, to understand the life of our new President is -- his whole life was strategy. He built an extraordinary success in the private sector, and I know he's going to make America safe again. (Applause.)
And lastly, I can honestly tell you, for all my years serving in the Congress, serving as governor of my home state, traveling cross-country and seeing the connection that he's made to men and women who serve and protect in every capacity in this country, I've never met anyone with a greater heart for those who every day, in diverse ways, protect the people of this nation through their character and their service and their sacrifice.
And so let me say, it is my high honor and distinct privilege to introduce all of you the President of the United States. (Applause.)
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I want to thank everybody. Very, very special people. And it is true, this is my first stop, officially. We're not talking about the balls, or we're not talking about even the speeches -- although they did treat me nicely on that speech yesterday. (Laughter.) I always call them the dishonest media, but they treated me nicely. (Laughter.)
But I want to say that there is nobody that feels stronger about the intelligence community and the CIA than Donald Trump. There's nobody. (Applause.)
The wall behind me is very, very special. We've been touring for quite a while, and I'll tell you what -- 29? I can't believe it.
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Twenty-eight.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Oh, 28. We got to reduce it. That's amazing. And we really appreciate what you've done in terms of showing us something very special. And your whole group, these are really special, amazing people. Very, very few people could do the job you people do. And I want to just let you know, I am so behind you. And I know maybe sometimes you haven’t gotten the backing that you've wanted, and you're going to get so much backing. Maybe you're going to say, please don’t give us so much backing. (Laughter.) Mr. President, please, we don’t need that much backing. (Laughter.) But you're going to have that. And I think everybody in this room knows it.
You know, the military and the law enforcement, generally speaking, but all of it -- but the military gave us tremendous percentages of votes. We were unbelievably successful in the election with getting the vote of the military. And probably almost everybody in this room voted for me, but I will not ask you to raise your hands if you did. (Laughter.) But I would guarantee a big portion, because we're all on the same wavelength, folks. (Applause.) We're all on the same wavelength, right? He knows. It took Brian about 30 seconds to figure that one out, right, because we know we're on the same wavelength.
But we're going to do great things. We're going to do great things. We've been fighting these wars for longer than any wars we've ever fought. We have not used the real abilities that we have. We've been restrained. We have to get rid of ISIS. Have to get rid of ISIS. We have no choice. (Applause.) Radical Islamic terrorism. And I said it yesterday -- it has to be eradicated just off the face of the Earth. This is evil. This is evil. And you know, I can understand the other side. We can all understand the other side. There can be wars between countries, there can be wars. You can understand what happened. This is something nobody can even understand. This is a level of evil that we haven’t seen. And you're going to go to it, and you're going to do a phenomenal job. But we're going to end it. It's time. It's time right now to end it.
You have somebody coming on who is extraordinary. For the different positions of "Secretary of This" and "Secretary of That" and all of these great positions, I'd see five, six, seven, eight people. And we had a great transition. We had an amazing team of talent. And, by the way, General Flynn is right over here. Put up your hand. What a good guy. (Applause.) And Reince and my whole group. Reince -- you know -- they don’t care about Reince. He's like this political guy that turned out to be a superstar, right? We don’t have to talk about Reince.
But we did -- we had such a tremendous, tremendous success. So when I'm interviewing all of these candidates that Reince and his whole group is putting in front, it went very, very quickly, and, in this case, went so quickly -- because I would see six or seven or eight for Secretary of Agriculture, who we just named the other day, Sonny Perdue, former governor of Georgia. Fantastic guy. But I'd see six, seven, eight people for a certain position. Everybody wanted it.
But I met Mike Pompeo, and it was the only guy I met. I didn’t want to meet anybody else. I said, cancel everybody else. Cancel. Now, he was approved, essentially, but they're doing little political games with me. He was one of the three. Now, last night, as you know, General Mattis, fantastic guy, and General Kelly got approved. (Applause.) And Mike Pompeo was supposed to be in that group. It was going to be the three of them. Can you imagine all of these guys? People respect -- you know, they respect that military sense. All my political people, they're not doing so well. The political people aren’t doing so well but you. We're going to get them all through, but some will take a little bit longer than others.
But Mike was literally -- I had a group of -- what, we had nine different people? Now, I must say, I didn’t mind cancelling eight appointments. That wasn’t the worst thing in the world. But I met him and I said, he is so good. Number one in his class at West Point.
Now, I know a lot about West Point. I'm a person that very strongly believes in academics. In fact, every time I say I had an uncle who was a great professor at MIT for 35 years who did a fantastic job in so many different ways, academically -- was an academic genius -- and then they say, is Donald Trump an intellectual? Trust me, I'm like a smart persona. (Laughter.) And I recognized immediately. So he was number one at West Point, and he was also essentially number one at Harvard Law School. And then he decided to go into the military. And he ran for Congress. And everything he's done has been a homerun. People like him, but much more importantly to me, everybody respects him. And when I told Paul Ryan that I wanted to do this, I would say he may be the only person that was not totally thrilled -- right, Mike? Because he said, I don’t want to lose this guy.
But you will be getting a total star. You're going to be getting a total gem. He's a gem. (Applause.) You'll see. You'll see. And many of you know him anyway. But you're going to see. And again, we have some great people going in. But this one is something -- is going to be very special, because this is one, if I had to name the most important, this would certainly be perhaps -- you know, in certain ways, you could say my most important. You do the job like everybody in this room is capable of doing. And the generals are wonderful, and the fighting is wonderful. But if you give them the right direction, boy, does the fighting become easier. And, boy, do we lose so fewer lives, and win so quickly. And that's what we have to do. We have to start winning again.
You know, when I was young and when I was -- of course, I feel young. I feel like I'm 30, 35, 39. (Laughter.) Somebody said, are you young? I said, I think I'm young. You know, I was stopping -- when we were in the final month of that campaign, four stops, five stops, seven stops. Speeches, speeches, in front of 25,000, 30,000 people, 15,000, 19,000 from stop to stop. I feel young.
When I was young -- and I think we're all sort of young. When I was young, we were always winning things in this country. We'd win with trade. We'd win with wars. At a certain age, I remember hearing from one of my instructors, "The United States has never lost a war." And then, after that, it's like we haven’t won anything. We don’t win anymore. The old expression, "to the victor belong the spoils" -- you remember. I always used to say, keep the oil. I wasn’t a fan of Iraq. I didn’t want to go into Iraq. But I will tell you, when we were in, we got out wrong. And I always said, in addition to that, keep the oil. Now, I said it for economic reasons. But if you think about it, Mike, if we kept the oil you probably wouldn’t have ISIS because that's where they made their money in the first place. So we should have kept the oil. But okay. (Laughter.) Maybe you'll have another chance. But the fact is, should have kept the oil.
I believe that this group is going to be one of the most important groups in this country toward making us safe, toward making us winners again, toward ending all of the problems. We have so many problems that are interrelated that we don’t even think of, but interrelated to the kind of havoc and fear that this sick group of people has caused. So I can only say that I am with you 1,000 percent.
And the reason you're my first stop is that, as you know, I have a running war with the media. They are among the most dishonest human beings on Earth. (Laughter and applause.) And they sort of made it sound like I had a feud with the intelligence community. And I just want to let you know, the reason you're the number-one stop is exactly the opposite -- exactly. And they understand that, too.
And I was explaining about the numbers. We did a thing yesterday at the speech. Did everybody like the speech? (Applause.) I've been given good reviews. But we had a massive field of people. You saw them. Packed. I get up this morning, I turn on one of the networks, and they show an empty field. I say, wait a minute, I made a speech. I looked out, the field was -- it looked like a million, million and a half people. They showed a field where there were practically nobody standing there. And they said, Donald Trump did not draw well. I said, it was almost raining, the rain should have scared them away, but God looked down and he said, we're not going to let it rain on your speech.
In fact, when I first started, I said, oh, no. The first line, I got hit by a couple of drops. And I said, oh, this is too bad, but we'll go right through it. But the truth is that it stopped immediately. It was amazing. And then it became really sunny. And then I walked off and it poured right after I left. It poured. But, you know, we have something that's amazing because we had -- it looked -- honestly, it looked like a million and a half people. Whatever it was, it was. But it went all the way back to the Washington Monument. And I turn on -- and by mistake I get this network, and it showed an empty field. And it said we drew 250,000 people. Now, that's not bad, but it's a lie. We had 250,000 people literally around -- you know, in the little bowl that we constructed. That was 250,000 people. The rest of the 20-block area, all the way back to the Washington Monument, was packed. So we caught them, and we caught them in a beauty. And I think they're going to pay a big price.
We had another one yesterday, which was interesting. In the Oval Office there's a beautiful statue of Dr. Martin Luther King. And I also happen to like Churchill, Winston Churchill. I think most of us like Churchill. He doesn’t come from our country, but had a lot to do with it. Helped us; real ally. And, as you know, the Churchill statue was taken out -- the bust. And as you also probably have read, the Prime Minister is coming over to our country very shortly. And they wanted to know whether or not I'd like it back. I say, absolutely, but in the meantime we have a bust of Churchill.
So a reporter for Time magazine -- and I have been on there cover, like, 14 or 15 times. I think we have the all-time record in the history of Time Magazine. Like, if Tom Brady is on the cover, it's one time, because he won the Super Bowl or something, right? (Laughter.) I've been on it for 15 times this year. I don’t think that's a record, Mike, that can ever be broken. Do you agree with that? What do you think?
But I will say that they said -- it was very interesting -- that Donald Trump took down the bust, the statue, of Dr. Martin Luther King. And it was right there. But there was a cameraman that was in front of it. (Laughter.) So Zeke -- Zeke from Time Magazine writes a story about I took down. I would never do that because I have great respect for Dr. Martin Luther King. But this is how dishonest the media is.
Now, the big story -- the retraction was, like, where? Was it a line? Or do they even bother putting it in? So I only like to say that because I love honesty. I like honest reporting.
I will tell you, final time -- although I will say it, when you let in your thousands of other people that have been trying to come in -- because I am coming back -- we're going to have to get you a larger room. (Applause.) We may have to get you a larger room. You know? And maybe, maybe, it will be built by somebody that knows how to build, and we won't have columns. (Laughter.) You understand that? (Applause.) We get rid of the columns.
No, I just wanted to really say that I love you, I respect you. There's nobody I respect more. You're going to do a fantastic job. And we're going to start winning again, and you're going to be leading the charge.
So thank you all very much. (Applause.) Thank you -- you're beautiful. Thank you all very much. Have a good time. I'll be back. I'll be back. Thank you.
END
3:40 P.M. EST
