What a crowd.And just so you know from the Secret Service, there aren’t too many people outside protesting, OK. That I can tell you.And I want to thank our great vice president, Mike Pence, for the introduction.We fully protect religious liberty. We believe in law and order. And we support the incredible men and of law enforcement.From the inner cities to the rural outposts, from the Sun Belt to the Rust Belt, from east to west and north to south, our movement is built on the conviction that every American from every background is entitled to a government that puts their needs first.After our amazing election victory, the forgotten men and women — remember we used to talk about the forgotten men and women before the election? Guess what? They’re not forgotten…… anymore (ph), right? Anymore. No, they’re not forgotten anymore folks. In fact, they’re trying to figure you out. They’re saying the obstructionists, how do we get them to vote for us? I don’t think that’s going to happen any time soon.And then I went on, this is my first statement, and they said, remember they said, well, he wasn’t specific enough. Why wasn’t he more specific?But all the networks — I mean, CNN is really bad, but ABC this morning — I don’t watch it much, but I’m watching in the morning, and they have little George Stephanopoulos talking to Nikki Haley, right? Little George.You know why? Because they are very dishonest people. So I said, racism is evil. Now they only choose, you know, like a half a sentence here or there and then they just go on this long rampage, or they put on these real lightweights all around a table that nobody ever heard of, and they all say what a bad guy I am.Way over one million. I think if we continue to create jobs at levels that I’m creating jobs, I think that’s going to have a tremendously positive impact on race relations. I do. I do.So that was my words.I think — you know what? I think we’re the elites. They’re not the elites.You’re taxpaying Americans who love our nation, obey our laws, and care for our people. It’s time to expose the crooked media deceptions, and to challenge the media for their role in fomenting divisions.And — and I say it, and you know, we’re all pros. We’re all, like, we have a certain sense. We’re smart people. These are truly dishonest people. And not all of them. Not all of them. You have some very good reporters. You have some very fair journalists. But for the most part, honestly, these are really, really dishonest people, and they’re bad people. And I really think they don’t like our country. I really believe that. And I don’t believe they’re going to change, and that’s why I do this. If they would change, I would never say it.They’ve treated me fairly. Hey, I’ll let you know. You know what? Some day they might not treat me fairly, and I’ll tell you about it, OK? But they’ve treated me fairly, and I don’t mean all good. I get plenty of bad on Fox, too. But at least it’s within reason.And he’s a great guy, and he’s an honest guy. And “Fox and Friends in the Morning” is the best show, and it’s the absolute, most honest show, and it’s the show I watch.I was over at the Yuma Sector. It was hot. It was like 115 degrees. I’m out signing autographs for an hour. I was there. That was a hot day. You learn if you’re in shape if you can do that, believe me. And they actually told me — actually, sir, it’s relatively cool today. Can you believe that?Build that wall. Now the obstructionist Democrats would like us not to do it. But believe me, if we have to close down our government, we’re building that wall.“Extreme vetting” — I came up with that term. That’s what it has to be.And our weak leaders, they do it overnight. These things have been there for 150 years, for 100 years. You go back to a university, and it’s gone. Weak, weak people.